[Music]
bu ye
C
[Music]
H
ah
[Music]
wildebeest
salt H
[Music]
ah
w
[Music]
not on the screen you will see everything
know with news that catches you Don't you
you will be able to move chiso ritas and passion
Get ready for the cre, let's go, they're starting
to the nights that are worth
sing secrets drama and gave the show you
It's going to catch you and you don't want to let it go.
[Music]
plus everything that happens on TV here
you are going to
Listening to each story will move you.
the Lu that can't stop, let's go what
it happens on TV
Here you will hear each story
It's going to thrill the night, it can't stop
Come on, the nights are going to make you
enchant secrets drama and
Fun will tie you up and you won't want it
leave
[Music]
[Applause]
Let's go, the nights are starting to start.
enchant secrets drama and fun the
show you vaar and don't want to love everything
What happens on TV here you will not go
Listening to each story will move you.
the night does not
stall
let's go, they're going to
enchant that
Fun will tie you up and you won't be able to do it
[Music]
leave good good Hello hello hello me
Please, I will expand here a bit.
a little bit that I'm like very far away what
How has that weekend gone?
week how are you? does it sound perfect?
man you hear better than ever what
yes I am a little far away and out of focus
So let's zoom in a little bit
little camera and center it marine does not come no
comes is very
Marina is very affected by
the few likes that the live What has
What do you mean, 400 likes if there are 800 here?
people already How that 400 likes if there are
very few people, let's see, okay, let's put it
a little more powerful
light How it looks how it looks how you see it
so more beautiful is worth And while it enters
Marina and I'm not going to put my visa here
so that people give me some visas What
come on we need a visit to the
barber Well the truth is that what do you
You mean my big wig
up well could
It could be. Let's see, I don't know if he's going to come.
Marina was going to come today but she has
come down a bit the truth is it feels
I am very distressed with having to endure
the [ __ ] face every day is no joke
It's a joke, it's a joke, now it comes that it is
in an Uber Let's see, Marina is on
journey
Hey, he's on a trip.
That is, he is on a trip and was going to interrupt his
trip to be here for a while with
we counting
gossip what do you think man my Carmen
Beautiful, how have you been, Carmen?
Tomorrow we are going to do Corrillo or what are you doing?
It's been a while since we did the
Corrillo eh We didn't do it last week
past and with the nonsense of course it is thrown
I don't miss the Corrillo, but let's see clearly
I don't know if there will be topics tomorrow.
That's the That's the move That's the
It's a big deal that there's an issue with this Dana thing.
With this Dana thing, the truth is that
Everything is a bit at a standstill but we could
we could do Corrillo tomorrow and try
a little bit of gossip a little bit of
heart and well here I am seeing now
that
But put the phone horizontally no Ah
Of course, of course, you tell everyone
guests and now you arrive vertically
What's happening
we are Hey but look what But look what
pretty with her cap, how pretty you are
Where are you? Let's see, you know where I am.
I'm in Vienna, I've been there but the people
no yes people know it people know it
I went to sit down. Good night, family.
Today you'll be glad I don't see the chat.
to bother you with the chat and it is and
say things to the chat Well you were leaving me
I was going to sit down and you are intense
with chat and without chat man said noss
we have to complement well me
I was going to sit in the cafeteria more
cookie that was here next to the
cathedral of the cathedral of Vienna that I
I came here in Uber, well, what's missing?
So in the Uber the driver tells me no
you can smoking the driver smoking
Well here are the rules, if that's the case
another day I don't know what kind of rules there are
Here and he tells me no closet, so let's go
so that you understand that it is going to close and
Me: Well, but what time do they close here?
things because here let's see there is a
environment or rather the place, let's go
It's an absolute marvel but eh
they close early
but I'm not understanding very well
life What am I doing here but I mean you
You are fine right now
Ok Austria good to Capital very good very
I see you well. Oh sure, I see you there with him.
gco son And of course we have gone from
Spain that I feel a bit like not the one
Sant meteorology agency we have passed
in Santander from 20 degrees to one that makes
Here or two, look, they come to me with a rose
more or
less Look direct ind
live Live Stream Live Stream Marina
Live Stream live
live telesalseo you don't want to go out
the man
re queen Leti no no know I don't know
Roco, there isn't much gossip here. Not here.
There are many chis he has told me no
Roco Carrasco no, they don't know her no.
They know about gossip here, you know what
What happens here, people are going to
sit here but if you tell me closet
Well, let's see what he tells me, eh, I brought
my tripod and everything so as not to be the
intensity of this person you know eh
Well, what was I going to tell you that here
the gossip you know what happens that like me
I think the climate influences it because here
It's very cold and people are not like in
Spain, that is, it is obviously not like in
Spain is like people do their own thing
They don't talk much between them, it's like everything else
very very little warm is a lot of
far away eh I'm looking I'm looking
How many hours are there?
Med plane you are far away eh or so you have
gone far to be direct today to see what
but there is someone out there to do it
a little question, an event or something to see
It's not that this one is here, I'm telling you Javi
that what is gossip doesn't move here
That is to say, in the end, in Spain, although
the heart has dropped a little these
Things have been really bad here in the last few months
We already have to go to Miami. Don't worry.
worry that when the heart falls
You are always there for Oliveira
hook you yes yes how good to see you already
you are hooked jav oliveira no because
Don't you see, today you sent me
How many WhatsApp messages have you sent me today?
Tell the people, eh? Wait for it.
I need something similar to what you are asking me
counting Wait I'm going to put the
tripod well eh I've sent you WhatsApp
of work and I have explained this to you
for this for this for this and Javi
oliveira passing by for the public to see
who explains and who doesn't have much work to do
Of course, you, with the excuse that I am
your boss How clear your boss is me but
Of course, it's like everything is work, everything is
work to see yesterday at 2 in the morning
you were sending gossip on WhatsApp, right?
You sent it to me and what an audio that is!
flipa, no, I answered you, I answered you
I answered what you sent me
mounted on the plane mounted on the plane
Yes, yes, I got on at 8, what two audios
You sent them to me, I put them here and I burn
YouTube Hey, well look, they would be
interesting gossip no Look over there it is
the Indian over there
is aini
Lili, how are you? It's just that I don't control it now.
the chat Look how nice nao buo Hey
but it was cool, eh, how cool should everything be?
time to send you by
Okay, well, go ahead and do it every week.
a place Don't worry, I'll help you
I tell everything that happens in each city
and I think you're going to be very interested
Yes yes if it is not right you must have fallen
I'm not even in Seville and we haven't gone to
see him eh I went to look for him eh I went to
look for it I gave you is that it is incredible this
man I went to look for him Like someone who goes out to
look for Fidel Alvida in Seville but
Come on, but well, let's see, it could be, no, me.
I know they told me I was nervous
at 5:30 to 6 we were there
recording the interview with
hope Aguirre esp that by the way we
Keep talking in the group, right Marina?
How is our friendship?
We are forging the truth but it is that
It could be the beginning of a
collaboration
I don't know if I'll finish it. Okay, you.
You will know, as you say, that you are the one
supposedly supposedly clear boss
eh Oh really
Hey, well, at least I make you laugh a bit.
while son really I don't know I don't know I don't know
Well, it doesn't matter. It's just that people here
Of course the language is German, you
Imagine the German without offending anyone
I don't know if there will be anyone here, for God's sake.
It sounds like you're being given up on
I was always going to tell you that it was aggressive
not a little aggressive then Okay
They also speak English and one of them is
He tries to defend more or less but come on
The best thing here is to be cheeky.
a painting is very expensive is very expensive because
Please, but of course, the salaries are clear.
more expensive but the salaries eh
proportionally they are higher, that is, no
It is perhaps 20% more expensive than
Spain but salaries are much higher than
20% higher than Spain of course
What are we going to talk about? You haven't come here for
talk about
economy no good would not be bad no
it would be wrong one no no no no we have not
We came to talk about the economy
I came to talk about gossip because we
like gossip Oy but listen to me
Friday was a complete fantasy I don't know
If you upload it edited, but I don't think so.
because it's going to it's going to How do you say no
collapse not eclipse is not going to eclipse a
little live but what a direct us
We scored with hope, Aguirre was there.
Well it was good and yes it is true that
I think we did not do more in the matter of
Amazon because the thing about it hadn't come out either
The girl is here or I at least come back
I hadn't seen it either.
I am God and I had not seen the thing about
topic that we will now discuss, not that of
about this girl but but but yes
man yes it is true yes He had more
feeling with you He had more feeling with you
now it's like clear clear clear Javi
clear as everything
but yes but because you well not me
I didn't say anything, you said it yourself.
I haven't said anything, let's see. Yes, of course.
watch La Movida Claro clear clear clear
But yes, hey, it's serious now.
Well, it has its point a little bit.
sharp Well it has also been 50 years
involved in politics and then in the end a
politician removing c Fuentes and two more
Well, they are a bit like that in general. But
Well, the woman is fine, what happens is that
Of course, as soon as you bring someone from a
ideology and automatically you
pigeonhole
And yes, of course. Well, but well, that's it.
Look, there are people who tell me I don't know.
Who recommended these to you is like
Well, if Pedro Snchez wants it, I'll do it.
I bring it, I would love it, of course, of course
Of course, and besides, I am the one interviewing myself.
I'm not thinking like her because she
He swerved on us in three or four
questions that were eh defended defended
To Carlos Mason you know well you know he said
Well, it's that it's overrun
I was overextended eating 5 hours with
The journalist is And what I tell you is one
thing and that I tell you one thing she already
doesn't have it, that is, it's no longer in the first
line no longer actually has that
responsibility in quotation marks of how
I tell you that need to do it
really but well and And I told him I say
It's what we said, I say, hey, but oh well
even if you have a tendency
ideological or you are affiliated with a party
politician you can do self-criticism and such
tell me where is the
self-criticism In that sense I think not
There has been one. But well, that's it. That's it.
It's okay, what are we going to do? Okay.
There was no, there was no. Let's see, no, no self-criticism.
because it's no longer active eh It's no longer active
practicing in politics says yes I do
I don't know where he told us yes but
that was not on the front line that
was linked to politics as
working Yes I think he told us no
and what if you are not on the front line
what you can comment on in the media
the gatherings And that is clear It is true
I say it but I understood it as that
He meant that she was in an active mood
in a way of giving statements coming out in
the TV is that of course he didn't tell us
specifically to what it is
dedicated you are absolutely right we would have
to ask it in the group in the
the YouTube group but don't come I'm not going
make this joke not the one who
ca you're going to see it you're going to see it eh of course
you'll see yes yes And besides it is it is serious
Hey, he doesn't like jokes very much, huh? No, and
And I told him, I say this other facet
facet that we know of you for example
when Susy Caramel entered her house
that was a fantasy I just went crazy
and I think they are no longer funny to
these things and what is Skype and what is Skype
Don't let WhatsApp fool us
not when you put when you entered
on the call that I have
engraved on the Brute when you put the
you're going to put it in you're going to put it in your
folders not to be removed in the future
Of course I have that, I have a brute
I have the Brute, the Brute of the
I have the interview and of course when
Marina, eh, go into the skyes on your mobile.
I know you touched that you saw yourself big and
we in small instead of seeing the
others in large and normal way that no
I saw that you didn't see us clearly and it started
Marina to play Wait, I can't see you
I don't see you and the other said, "Okay now"
We are here Come on now we are here
with
technicality is cort tantilla is c
tantilla but well let's see well it's one
important interview Let's see, it's an
very important person in our plane
politician of the country Yes, let's see the people
people get angry I don't know who you are
recommends bringing these people as clear
maybe if Irene had brought it
Montero, you would have liked to be here today.
Well, I have the email, I no longer have the
phone eh I don't have it anymore I would be very
Black I think eh I would do it eh I would do it
It would be good what happens is that I think that
It's not going to be left, no no no, well it can be done
trying are collecting Here too
Sorry can I talk to you?
He swims Look van de Rosa Look monkey
Look, can the gentleman come in for a moment?
no qui no no
because it's all Pink here that I love
the color eh but I don't know we have to
go from here to where I'm going if that is
They close everything but it doesn't stop there is another one
terrace we go to another but oh well
while we're talking about things, eh? Don't you
Do you think this is going to be a terrace?
a terrace that looks like this but what
Come in, you don't have a hotel
see things are tighter now
Same PR for you as for an unwanted hotel
remove that comment because because
The best thing in my bank account is more
money that in yours you know Well
Now we're going to measure our penises here.
It was also a joke man it was a
Joke for God's sake listen to me You know what?
What's happening at the hotel there?
rooms next door and you remember what
what happened in Copenhagen
eh or do you remember what happens every
places I go come come to
hit come everything what do I do I go to the hotel
It is that it is
that they have not been directly calm in
Nowhere, huh? Not even in your house.
At home they also hit you, that's why
I tell you one thing, not all of us can do it
allow a soundproof room
day I have it I don't know what I'll do there
Come on, if that was an attempt to
pua, well it has gone very badly for you because I
I don't even have a room
soundproofed because I don't know how
You do it because your neighbors think
well, a separate room
soundproofed as such it is not isolated
It is soundproofed in the sense that
You have here four nonsense no O
may it be that these walls do not hear
a lot but it is not soundproof as such
But where does the top give to the
neighbor
eh No there isn't
neighbors How I don't have
neighbors neither here nor there nor there nor there
Nothing, I don't have a neighbor but it is an apartment
It's not a house you've been here but
No, but you have told me where you live.
where, I mean, I want to tell you that I know where
you live No
lie man of course No if you don't have
neighbors, it seems clear to me, not a fantasy
Of course not divine, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's
joke is a joke it's that it's that you're
staying later Well but listen to me
Listen to me then the whole live show is going to
being on the street I'm not going to sit on
Let's see what time this terrace closes
but it is that but all the live in the
street with that
hat you have seen your
hairs he who can he who can can he
that he who can comb his hair in a
way and another way can the one who cannot
that he takes the truth out of others
that you can't complain because the
Most of the people I know are this way
bald I'm serious, eh [ __ ]. Well
I don't see, damn, what are you talking about?
of the end of the world, of the end of the age no
most of the people I'm with
Now seeing the 30-somethings I know
that I have studied with her. How is she?
some entrances perhaps or is completely
Calv I eh Maybe I don't know it's that
I loved it But it could be it could be it could be
be stress
also or the few I know could be
stress is surely the stress that
cunning and you and you have a bad time and you fall
the hair I think so too come on I'm leaving
sit down once and for all, that's it.
It's so easy, come on, I'll sit down and that's it.
we started because yes, I when you
you say
eh When you say that this is true
It is very clear that they are going to close
look here here here here but they are already
put up the Christmas lights Hey but
How pretty, huh? No, they are not put on.
Look, those aren't Christmas lights.
well there they are off but they are
put no no to me I'm recording myself
me eh They are a bit like London
Don't look how nice, goodbye, don't you see the It's that
I don't know if they are visible, they are not placed right
next week they put them on you know or
it's like bu put put Yes they are
what are not lit Not that or that is
that are not on. Let's say that
They are not active but they occur to you
A lot. Spain already wanted it. Although, well.
all the money that is spent there already
could go this year for another cause or already
They could remove it from somewhere else too.
end Look I've decided why by the way
They are putting the lights on, I stayed
freaked out because they are putting up the lights
Christmas in Valencia, which is like
Hi, I'm going to do some good things on the agenda.
No, I mean, I know that this has been put in the
agenda is the plan I have seen it I have seen it
seen they had not burned it no no what
burned had read but of course as not
You can trust them. They weren't at all.
burned like the poster of the
agenda no no no but I mean the
agenda to the city council agenda to the
agenda not to the 2030 agenda but to the
city council agenda whatever that is
They had planned such a day they put on the
lights and
They have not changed the plan for everything that
ha
past and what do we say but ask for something no
ask for something if they come I'll tell you but it's
that Perry doesn't appear here, Ah, I think
that's coming as soon as it comes I ask for you
Do you want to order in another language? No, no, but
Let's see what's sitting there, order some.
little [ __ ] or something, some little [ __ ]
What the [ __ ] is that?
Noam Look, I'll tell you what's here, mother.
mine or what robbery but what will you have
that asking for something doesn't stop for the whole face
I'm sorry, I'm going to order something, I don't know, it's this.
aha
Hell
only Ah no not
not only
no queue no Okay okay
Zero cola cola Zero
please
eh eh Lemon What if he gives you a lemon
You want me to talk to her, let's see.
I am more international, I have the language
now more neutral from where not what I say
that now I have the accent more
neutral and I understand people better
Well, where do you want to start?
where what will people be saying in the
chat you know they are putting you
They are putting an end to the Philippines, they will be
putting on the hat the hat is a the
hat Marina's hat is [ __ ]
we're not going to give even a [ __ ] member
today [ __ ] these two bald guys
Jimmy Thank you very much Look Jimmy has
contradicted the rest of the chat
What Javi was saying, we're not going to tell you
give not even a member today, [ __ ] them
bald you know look Jimmy has taken the
contrary and and has given us a member a
Kiss handsome Jimmy, I can't see anything.
but oh well it doesn't matter I see you
you have to trust me okay I mean what what
You have confidence in me to trust you with everything
what you
Say it's been two years and a bit, eh?
how much you know me how much you know me
you know I don't have much left I have much left
know Sure but it's the part that you
you want to show you there is a part that is not
You are going to show Hazle Ask him a question
to Tel indiscreta now and Tel indiscreta
Sister will answer you in the chat, a kiss
gorgeous Ask Tel a question
indiscreet indiscreet will go to you
answer and I will read it to you
answer and you based on my face and the
way I have to tell you
You have to say if what you are told is true.
I'm saying or it's not worth it. Make him one.
ask Carmen Vale
Carmen, do you think that Tseo's people are me?
loves me more than
Javi, let's see Carmen, answer her while
What do you answer? Ask another question to the
Indian
Indian ind do you think Twitter in one sentence
What do you think about the current situation?
Twitter do you think
which is worse than
never from the best accounts of the heart
The Indian's, eh, Gero's, let's see
Carmen Carmen Carmen
Carmen, I have to guess what has happened.
answered no more or less I'm going to you
say one's answer and the other's
another and in one I'm going to tell you the truth and
In another case I'll make it up myself, okay?
okay okay okay
Carmen from Teleindiscreta
He says we love you more Marina but
that he doesn't find out
Javi and the Indian
says to see if happy
[Laughs]
wait, pay attention on Twitter
of a fool and who doesn't like it when he catches
he
flight one of the two is a lie not one
Of the two I have invented and another of
The and other answers have answered it
They Look, I would tell you that the second one is
As you have read it, it is true and
first might be more obvious being like
It's Carmen, but I think it's the other way around.
del Indio is false and the first one is
true could slip you what
I would like, oh my god, so many hours that
You've been here with me and you haven't given
one if not the other
Of course, no, but people have told me
I understood that I meant to say the obvious
It was the first thing. I mean, the thing about
Carmena, I explained myself badly, people.
explained
You have perfectly said that Carmen's thing
I have told you something so obvious that I am sure
that it was a lie that I said it
for colela not the other way around which was so
Obviously it is precisely the other way around.
because it was too obvious or good to
see with conclusion What have they
said d ind No, because Carmen has said the
true and the Indian has not answered is
that the Indian has said well well to take
that's what the Indian said, for ass
good good that has occurred to you a lot in
the Twitter drawings are really cool
It happens, eh, that's when it occurs to you.
your video and here he asks you a question
and it makes you feel good, the Indian would be good
I would have to write a book, it is a
man or a I would love to see his face
Hey, the Indian. Well, the truth is, I think that
He's a man, let's see, I don't know, I think he is
a man But I don't know
Indian Jo is Hunter I know he is a man
because I've heard it but you haven't
listened to Jo Yes of course how loud
works for
me but what are you?
The mafia
capo, that is, we can say that you are the
Pablo Escobar of
[Laughs]
YouTube Hey be careful you're in
Germany, they're going to send you to hell.
ass I'm in Austria but ass in Austria
Okay, but okay, he can also send you
Damn, Marina, listen to me where
Do you want to start the outline, daughter?
Marina put it here, eh? I don't know today.
I'm in charge here, eh? I'm not in charge here.
Nothing now, but well, you have to believe me.
sometimes to see where we can
start to see I was here I was
here to see what you think and I stayed
I'm quite amazed, but oh well,
another positive side with eh the delivery
of awards of and the
Master, we can see how long it lasts.
something
It happens we can see it In fact I have
compiled some c apart from the
awards ceremony as such Ok
Ok, well, the award ceremony is here.
there is the carpet that on the carpet
Beln met Bona
[Laughs]
Sorry to look at who I am with, what an illusion
me
you do
and but I would be 60 chapters one
series This seems wonderful to me
please
Hey Beln is looking for a job
quickly everywhere you can
No, then he dares to sing around here.
Tell me, let's see, she's very daring, she's very bold
That is, it has no filters and it has no
shame in a good way I think
bayos has seen a little compromised but
Obviously no man, I don't know if B suits him.
to do some after after doing
the things he has done I don't know if he will
make a series Val Esteban I think that
It was more in a joking tone but the
It's true that every time Beln Esteban is
One is a classic of the 40th Music Awards
in the musical awards it is a
a classic at the level of always
We released the news about Beln Esteban
has done
300 Thank you it has been done it has been done
always Ah well I didn't remember her Hey
not the first time no no no no But
because not on a red carpet
but because he's always going to take pictures
with celebrities he always has his place
Always forward between performance cation
goes from table to table taking pictures and
the next day he hangs them up, it's a classic or
It's like in fan mode a person with
speaker who has access to taking photos
with the rest that people are not in mode
fan So it's like people
I feel identified with it, it makes me feel very
funny the truth But look this year
They have given a loudspeaker to a delivery woman
awards or here we are is a message
Hey, what does he say about the people of the
understand me about trash TV too
has a place giving out prizes
people like Maluma people like artists
international is a bit of a mix, no
of eh of of giving him his place then
Well, Eh, I haven't seen this before.
conversation that comes to mind with
this word
car
car How nice it is to make love in a
without Camil in a without c hears very well very
good and another with love love love love
was born from you
na
luo
Hey, I don't know if you know
Man, I was with my nephews at
I Saico who invited me to his concert and
I couldn't go because I went with my husband to
Paris Mira David Alvarez is with him and
then here the award ceremony with the
I say something that is not in my
card with Susana's permission and the
permission from my husband Miguel
Maluma, I have lived great moments
with you darling
don't tell me
you imagine well And from this now
Okay, but don't take any more photos.
we get tangled up and then we're going to give it wrong
prize to see I still need a photo
Hey, who is it with? I don't know if he's gone.
It's still worth it, come on, I've had one.
I'm missing a photo with Rauf
Alejandro please please he's coming
It's coming this way now
It comes as if they are going to criticize you
and the award-winning
I'm going to sing the song that skirt
little one, how pretty you are
[Applause]
[Music]
The copy remains, the copy that aunt I flip out
with which they call the teacher for these
things so expli expli ma 40 has a
The program has its section, I don't know how.
He also snuck in more or less there in the
Roco Carrasco's era of documentary
of the boom
I'll see. I don't want to say either.
nothing will be said envy envy for
Nothing, I haven't understood very well either.
Just as I applaud to see how I eat
showman is very good a big brother
played a lot in favor of the work and has things
positive but to me where does it come from eh or
is how he has managed to clean up his image
a person who has dedicated himself to swindling
eh people doing what they did
Honestly, I don't understand it either and
how to get Oh thank you me han
given a poor blanket I'm already in the
the hells well to see to scam not to
deceive is not going to deceive
Sorry Yes yes yes Well to deceive the
people
Eh, it seems to me the truth is that to me
In short, and this addition of Bethlehem
Esteban is a bit related to what
I was telling you before, well, it has
I said that in fact and Beln said
Let me speak because it was Beln who
monopolized by giving away the prize all the time
attention they have a little card
scripted some are in charge of reading eh
the name others the prize each one
It has its function and it is true that
Beln care a little bit of everything no Beln is a
a little like that I mean it's always been a little
So I think he said you could me
having left a little bit of prominence
But it is true that because of the novelty
and he had it, he took it, Beln has
been spontaneous eh yes it has had to
say something to Maluma, he has told him
Maluma must have been left stiff because
He must have said like wof that I don't know if the
You will know that I imagine that it is, but it is for me
It's true that look, Hey, the la
ovation has been a reality the people have
applauded by the younger audience who sees her
mode well Meme in funny and good mode
In the end he has been able to reinvent himself and there
It is and I am sure that soon it will
We will see on Spanish television if it is that
It's a It's a I'm sure too
clear and the culprit in positive The
Jos Pablo Lpez is guilty of having
returned to Spanish television and so much
She, like Mara Patio, can sneak in.
and he is also a friend of the
producer of those who were from the factory
the veto is over and everything they can
They will take it just like in
his moment did the same with Roco Carrasco
which he now does with Alba Carrillo
making her the presenter of this
a new program with Ines Hernn
final eh eh No matter how much they say everything
that has to do with the left or the
In the end, the left is going to be what
will be present on television
Spanish, well, Beln's case is because
because of the popular outcry that it will provoke
I believe in likes and dislikes, I don't know if more
you folias that you trust that you filias but Eh Well
Well, there it will be, eh, it will have to be
to endure the downpour a little
beginning but I think that in the end
Well, people will say with my
taxes on this I don't know what's going on, well
see at the end eh that's what there is but yes yes
Yes, it will end there, I think.
revolt was the first step and then yes
It's true, look, the other day
I was commenting on How is life the other day
Mara Jos Campanario left in the minger
And I say Blen Esteban's reaction now.
you'll see how this reacts, you didn't see it
you mentioned it yes no no I don't think so
I don't think I've mentioned it anywhere.
part but
t is making it clear implying that this
It was her costume that she was given
They offered that she already had the
very negotiations
advanced that was finally cut short and that
I could have already reported it but I didn't.
He reported it because of course in the end giving to
understand how it was Mara Jos
bell tower the one who called the one who called the
program and not the other way around normally you
You are waiting Look Hope as
He told us they insisted on me they insisted on me
Normally it is the producer who
contact the characters but as if giving
to understand from a reliable one that went to
setback that was Mara Jos who insisted
without knowing if Mara Jos was knowledgeable
that Beln was going to be there, man, let me see.
I understand that it is a coincidence that you
They gave the same costume, I'm surprised.
Antena 3 that blow that it was the same
Sheep's costume surprises me from Ana
too clear
a by the way Also so that I can say it
She doesn't even think we were, she says, Beln, I have
photos on my phone of the costume or so
He doesn't have to lie, I believe him.
I believe But I don't understand but by chance no yes
It's strange, not good, casual. It's what
chance and anyway people
He said, look, people said because they say
V Stephen was there if he had been in El
Anthill in the past days that was
when it was planned to go but because of
Adana was not broadcast in the end.
would have found a bell tower
Gentlemen, one masinger is recorded two the
set is 40 km from each other but the
people is that really I
true, let's change the subject but no
of character because Esteban has been in
Catalan television and has given
some answers that are a bit in
tone to the usual the subject of the
additions and so on but there have also been
a question that has been answered that has
been the headline all day but oh well
Let's all talk about it a little, Marina.
come
But there was a time in my life when I didn't
it wasn't for a long time
but life changed me for the better and I
I put myself in the hands of a therapist and I
taught to have self-esteem although
Sometimes I have bumps but I go to the therapist
and my life changed by
complete and has given me many things
Hello, I have a wonderful family.
I have a husband who loves me very much
I have the most important thing in my life to do.
He doesn't do what I do.
To my mother who is an 81-year-old lady
but what is it, I have a family
normal long ago
time a little what we had heard
It's also worth it Ah, there's no more Yes, yes
I'm going I'm going Oh okay okay
Ok, I've been here for many years but my life
changed completely I wanted to get out
I wanted to go out, I said it the other day in
The Anthill I was looking for the word
freedom but it was very difficult but I didn't
I have blamed no one when they say
companies do not
caren you have an addiction because you
you want to have it, companies can't
help but to
m no no me when me when I took off
I did a cleanup of people but I didn't
I can blame it. It's true that it's me.
a person I knew, I was going to
television program and I made myself
We're not going to do it live like this.
direct yoido programs did not have to and
But look, I had a lot
help I always tell my bosses
with Ral Carlota Peras
complaining but I don't know from the sound it comes in
If a sound comes in through no, it's not from there.
of her but it is suddenly yes it is of
she is that been like of
suddenly What it is is when you put it on
that is not it
I know it's not him
bar No, I can hear it when you hit Play
I hear it too. Eh, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Look, hit it again.
principle s What is but they are people
talking
man no ...
It happens when you click on the video that was
hearing something strange and then he helped me
my family very much
a lot
Oh and it's very nice to see how your life
change Yes yes you hear people talking
but it doesn't matter
that I respect myself that I
It's like you see it, I can't hear it anymore.
I heard that no, no, no, no, it's like
V we Yes we Yes we yes
but it doesn't matter a baby Not now it's here
shouting a
Baby Yes but me when you press Play
I hear the video as if it were recording
someone this the video and it sounds like something
inside the like something inside the video no
I don't know what it is but it's good to avoid it.
It makes me laugh a lot, it makes me laugh
It was so funny when Beln understood
who later helped him Carlota Valde
Ral Prieto pears who was the godfather of
her wedding which is of her best friends
but it is worth remembering that at the time she
that had bad too
Hey Carlota, and that's what she says.
They exposed it and took it from Plato
They allowed me to do the
programs that he made, that is, I remember
some save me some of light of Bethlehem
that I am Carlota who was directing
Valde Peredas who was there etc.
I would have taken it from the plate but of course as
He had stratospheric audiences there
they kept her there was one with Lidia Lozano
or there was a good one there were not several of
There were several in fact
eh not long ago I was watching Yo uno
that I said my God and there was Charlotte
director because they focused on her and she continued and
it went on and on and on, clear purpose
Of course, of course, I'll take it out, so please.
We love each other very much. Now it was a stage.
already past as she says
she is the guilty party and the main culprit
Because she is the one who decides. Well.
although when you are not in your pl
faculties Without your self that eh things do not
They are the same but what about Too sanchiz?
the worst influence that could have had on
side but it is true that we are going to
that I put as a reference
I don't know the private sphere but what
we have seen
publicly I don't know to what extent I don't know
I know I don't know I don't know I don't know eh But you
Do you think Too Sanchi is the one because you
You told me that you think he meant
when he did this with the
little package referred to him, let us remember that
Too Sanchiz
Too sanchiz wanted to sell she said that
that he wanted to sell his death and everything or
It is clear that he wanted to sell his
death that yes, yes, yes, yes, I already had
agreed because there is a stage that already
was very bad she had lost or
less than 40 kilos remained and it was already going
He was talking to sell his death.
that in the end how important it is who
you have next to you Who doesn't eh eh Beln
He may have also done things wrong but from
then the truth is that Too I don't know
how it continues to represent people and how
There are people who can trust him
sincerely
not that La Movida is that of course too
in the environment where she works
There are many people who take cocaine too
So if you have a problem
addiction And you're working with people
that instead of smoking a cigarette or
drinking a coke makes you snort a line
there while recording and in the
advertisements and things. Well, of course it is.
that only and not only cocaine
of alcohol from that is there but because the
Most of the people there I think more
before than now But now it does continue
This problem being present but
before I think that they have been more to me buah
people I have worked with who
They have counted from 20 years ago and they do not have
why lie, I was hallucinating, that is
I was hallucinating, I say in the end you get into a
world as you say and not only
television the guild of the
interpretation of the actors and I have
been and I know people who have been in
my God parties but what is that and
then they are geniuses in their field or maybe
Music people, how good to see it is
which is not very difficult to find either
some don't but because in addition to that
note and they are geniuses in music
They do some things that you say and
sometimes it seems like you're dancing, or rather you say
but how can someone do it to you?
this and And you know You know that consumes and I don't know
It's incredible but they end up like this.
they end up like this or or or in alcohol or I don't know
It's like they pour a lot of their life into
television in egos and many end up in
not all lives but in lives eh more
empty eh leave aside give up
family gives up everything for the mere sake of it
fact of working work tele tele is
They take refuge a little in these bad habits
and they end up the way they do and it's a shame and
Beln I'm glad it came out
truth sincerely has its things like
everyone but I'm glad that I know it came out
hence why many others could not
like Fran, who was her husband Fran, I
I remember buah what Je aquo when it is
that she has had fewer partners
the latter have also been problems
problematic not for that reason they were
rather toxic relationships and rather
in the end when they are people who are
in the same as you I think not
I know to what extent and one wants to get out
another no other does not come out It is that I believe that
I don't know to what extent that can come out
Well no and it's a shame, really.
eh But well And then there's this clip that
I haven't seen it, I wanted to leave it for
see it here with you which is about the topic
of his new salary
Ah, we talked, you've already seen it, yes, you've seen it.
Have you seen it? No, but I'll tell you one.
thing now tell me before or after
before after click Me after
after after after after come
Okay, saying what you do on that show
with menst you do not
Conor yes yes sorry what am I doing in that
program to work and do what I want
work cheaper too, right? Well.
They never broke my contract
that
I always had with with with the
company with osca and adrin eh I have a
closed contract
I'm also exclusive, eh, I mean
that you continue earning the same as in
Tele5 didn't pay me, Telec, I was
producer but when you were at Tele5
You earn the same now as before, yes, but
My bosses have always paid me
Tele5 No, yes, but I have the same contract.
thanks to
God
friend
Wow, look, this is a fact, I think it's already
I hadn't told it I hadn't told it
Before, it seems to me, that is, it seems super to me
generous this in this program because it
has given an advertisement with these two
statements, salary and the issue of
drugs, especially also the salary thing
Look, look, obviously Beln doesn't.
had a network contract had a contract
as a producer when he says he has
exclusivity when people say because
already read but seen the Anthill such is
It refers to collaboration, I understand that it is not
I know what will happen if the token
morning people Because there it is a
collaboration and she just said that
has exclusivity
and exclusivity is paid for Although there are
means that many people have and no yes yes
but there are media that have a lot of people G
and they don't pay for it, meaning they want exclusivity
and at the price of You're welcome
and I did know this information or
I know that I don't know, I thought
that it was already taken for granted that
she had exclusivity
Well, more or less more or less in Salma
He was charging me more or less per delay
I'm talking to you about the diary because Lu's is more
or less doubles the daily figure
so that people know it and I know it
because I Well there is one How handsome Javi
I know that there is a person who has
since I saw the I was working
Oh, no, when I was an intern, I didn't.
I saw it but there is a person who did
has seen why the contracts are
signed daily some depending on the
type of contract there are people who do not and there are
people who do more or less more or
minus 800
900,000
daily more or less this in the afternoon
deluxe was double and then it depends if
you sit down you do a polygraph heo they are already
or own content It is part
And but I tell you Beln, that's why Beln doesn't know
has complained at no time of course Beln
What is the one who has complained going to complain about?
complaining for example is Kiko Matamoros
ever made any comment
of my pros baraj tituido almost to come
to work as they are being paid
I am less surprised than Kiko who is another
key figure Although it is true that
I see him as being much less involved in
The plots in general I'm seeing as
that perhaps is not standing out as much
Man, I think he said they pay me.
The less I get involved, the less man I am too.
has his I mean I don't see him that much
effervescent so so so controversial so not
I know how to save me Marina tell me is that
I don't have any problem, eh, I don't know
that people but marib B is
very angry in the chat because it is heard
the noise of the bar but there is no one there
almost Well now I'm going for can say
You can tell people to talk more
short in
German please J they looked at me okay marib
Sorry, I'm not here. I'm leaving now.
I'm going no no no no but okay marib marib
We are in a we are on Marib Street
You can't send people out into the street
silence that listens to me 800 bucks a day
Of course, but how can they be?
keeping the salary if on YouTube
You see, I'm going to see how many visits it has.
no no no no but it doesn't go that way it doesn't go that way
the thing is that it is an investment
but the figure Clear clear clear clear
It's already a little bit in case the figure falls
Beln falls repercussion the me networks
social be Not everything is how I tell you eh
c 5 or 6 million views on YouTube
This is not eh It's not that it's bad it's good
But for so many people this doesn't give a but
not anymore but we already talked about ten I don't know
now
I don't know about advertising revenues
As a man I understand that it is not Tele5 and
income is much more limited
low but I don't know the figure but
Come on, I'll tell you, there's no need.
ask Victor but come on, I don't know
that Victor may be charging for each
day that goes I know what they are I do know
what they are charging Well now to what
I don't know if they have raised it but
collaborators are charging 150
day they go the day they go
Of course That's why you
I say that Jai I am understanding you
eh I wasn't going there I wasn't going there
I wasn't going there, you see how I didn't
you know see how I didn't know that's why
same as
Listen to me, I haven't received 150 bucks.
I don't know if they will have it now with time
raised but before what they charged was 150
turkeys that was too much for what you
can give a YouTube channel no but to
see is that we are talking about that it is not
one collaborator nor two, one program every time
the afternoons are four or five
collaborators every afternoon plus the
presenter plus the cameraman plus the most
Two directors, of course. Yes, but eh, no.
that you don't save me, we, we
when we reach 5000
member can we go up a little bit
salaries
s No
No, right now, damn it, let's see if they're going to get us out.
a cli
Tomorrow Wilson will already have him recording there.
Listen, what obsession do two or three have?
three of Twitter's with bringing out the worst
the smallest thing the c but whatever eh
whatever but but let's see but you are
that you take it a little you give it a lot
importance to those things and I pretend
offended many times but in reality
It's like you can never turn that off.
call that flame of feelings towards me
that it does not turn off and that 25 accounts are created
from javil canino the hill and the kayuki the
for the hill is fine I had never seen it before
thought Javi the hill Hill the canine The
wigs but I like the wigs
If I were a guy, I would want to have your hair
the hair like that already already already but they believe
that offend and I act sore
sore But I don't care eh me
I'm not one of those who cry over bills
from Twitter or I know we're going to see if you're here
making gossip because you have to generate
love eh anger envy hate and then yes
You don't want anyone to talk about you and you
you censor Twitter accounts for
example or YouTube channels that do not
talk about you
Well, they're not going to talk about you and that's all you need to do.
to achieve what always ends
getting media death I look
always in a medium in which I was
Many years ago it was written on the wall if
You say something and nobody gets upset. It's just that no
you have said absolutely nothing And it is
true, I mean, I don't know, you, I, since
I was always born either love or hate but I
I think that I have always been like
Either they adore you or I can't handle you, but I
People can't handle it, it's just that Noa
You can't please everyone
only thing missing was that we are not cretas
but
[Laughs]
but but I sometimes think about people
that he hates you So you hate because
don't really know but oh well
You can't insist on not hating me either.
My dear, I think it's great that they're going out.
I think it's great that they all come out
These accounts are looking for the but until
the clothes I wear or the hair I wear
I put or if I laugh here with you or if
you make a comment and what and what
get all the people who support me to support me
criticize and such because that is what it means
that you are important Marina then well
very well, then it's fine if I have it here
my community Look Do you think that we
They want Well I don't know because I am
seeing 1000 likes with almost 3000 people
here then how many people Oh today not
You're watching, eh, today I can fool you, eh?
Today I can tell you Marina, this is the thing.
today let's see how many likes there are 1000 of course
Come on, let's go, I don't think so, not here.
They know nothing, it is true that
we are about to reach 2000
members eh That's why I told you that
The thing about the 5000 is not very
crazy Marina we reached 2000
members please me my cases let's go let's go
arrive now if we arrive at 2000
members I show up at Paula's house
Echevarra, be careful, I'm going and if you're a member, I'll tell you.
I'll pay for it. Let's see, tell me how you
You pay them and I'll provide the members.
I put the members here myself I go
to Paulo Echevarra's house that
I obviously know where he lives because he already
It's more than once, eh? But that's a little bit.
crazy no that would be a little stalker no
no no no no home literally to the area
to the area and
and you sit on a bench there to drink
something to see if it happens and we chat No yes
she's going a little crazy, that's a little bit
psychopath Javi Jo How Sorry Is Scaled
Look there, Tesa has given us 10
Navy members are missing 300 and something for
reaching 2000 and being here almost
3000 people I think if we don't get there
It's because people don't want us to continue
here
is that you want to go from me no no from you and from
Me if people don't finish the channel No
man the channel will not upload any video
I will do some live shows but of course this one
program the nights with Marina
esnal with Marina esnal there is a with eres
you with me Of course you believe it
protagonist that you wanted me to put in
You wanted the logo to say Marina
big but you leave me and you
you stay here alone doing things
I only salsify no no no no no no you're not me
understanding This program the nights with
Marina snal is a podcast of the
two No, of course she's laughing because she
considers that it is only hers You Know Me
He tells me when I am
I am excited to ask for the logos, I ask for the
designs from around here and me
It says Okay but you can't put a
little Marina the name of Marina more
big but literal I'm not lying
Marina's name is bigger than I Marina
Believe
that I think is
Carmen, a huge kiss, I love it
Kiss Carmen, I hadn't told you one.
Kiss Carmen, you have the most beautiful name
I say of the world but if we are in
November, look, I'm in terrible shape and I see
Carmen de Octubre which will be the surname
my mother
that's not fatal fatal fatal I know I know
fatal well where are we going Wait what
Now that there is noise, I'm leaving.
drive more
soft please No no it's not that these
hours should not be should not be
allowed No no it's not that it shouldn't be
allowed this noise was going to pass by
our side Wait wait they're leaving
Hey, they're leaving for a second, Marib. Hold on.
marib marib I'm worried about him
truck but by marib marib Sorry eh
It's a real truck Sorry sea that
I also know who Marib is who is here
always marib Sorry there it is, it's marib
is always there but is not a member of someone
can give member to Mari It's not
That Marib is not a member is true.
There is always marib but marib is that
Marib has told me that you
silence eh that you mute but marib that
I've been here a long time since I shut up
Yes, yes, it has come to me if I mutate to Marina that
you hear the
noise and you have done it for a long time
video Of course because I hadn't realized that
There is echo when we put the videos on.
you are silent for once life is
listen to the background noise and it is clear
echo
because he laughs he laughs that he really listens
It's that she's the age of a teenager, eh? I'm the one
puberty happens after the
communion Marina eh I should I should the
age of the turkey marib you are well you have not
spoken again marib sea a kiss from
Vienna Hey Merche p Merche marii what's up
I saw Hey less horny deito eh marib it
You listen well. Now we can continue.
with Marina Esnal's program there is no
There isn't a sound now, there's no one there
Okay
Hey, I have to put a video on for you, let's go.
to deal with two issues of the Dana theme that
is still giving a lot to talk about and
I think we shouldn't let it be left
yesterday there were some talks
demonstrations the truth is it seems to me that
I don't know what
They will think that asking the
central government and the government of the
Autonomous community but anyway
For me, if it is true, from here I send a
message that many people see is worth it and I
like to send these messages taking advantage
my diffusion if it is true that in that
square were demonstrating
130,000 people that I think are not
because on other occasions I have seen that
in that square has the capacity to
100000 But well, for 30,000 we are not
We're going to fight. I think they would do more help.
with a
shovel in the surroundings more than in the
Captain, I think I understand perfectly.
regardless of the people who
I saw some images and said Wow
but I think it's a way of saying
that people are fed up and I think that's it
This has been the culmination of Dana the drop
that has filled the glass of years and years and
years holding on, holding on, eh
situations in Spain that are
worthy of going out on the street and not being
obviously come out Yes it is time to
being with the shovel is time to help and
It's time to prioritize but I understand
that is a bore, eh, that's good
obviously clear the community
Valencian responsibilities are
They are going to ask for Carlos Mazn but I think
which is something that has also happened
demonstrations in ferrat no and in others
sites of the community of Madrid I believe
which is a widespread article but another
increasingly the political overtones and the
politics seems to take precedence over
the important thing but marich there mariv bich
Ah mariv bich there but now he's leaving us
Pili Moya Pilar Moya says Javi already told me
I want sauce no
politicking Pilar let us talk Pilar
Let us talk so that we don't lose sight of it
Nothing What's going on Marina Something's going on then
I don't want Pily to leave. Oh well, look.
Pily, the truth is you are censoring me a bit.
We are going to see a few words that have
been widely applauded on social networks
for the great Gema Cuervo who is a
very actress
Dear before the misfortune that happened
in Valencia, in our beloved Valencia
I want to highlight our young people
that without hesitation in the first minute
They moved to Valencia to help
lift Valencia and we cannot forget
our elders who need us most
that the Spanish people have never been united
And together it is perfectly clear that we are
better together we help each other together
We love together we can carry a
enormous sacrifice for a time
doing the least I have always had
I love Valencia a lot and I have been there many times
I have worked many times in
your theaters and I have been very happy with
I am now coming closer so that you can see
that I do not forget
although they are really times
difficult precisely for that reason I approach
more to be giving warmth of love love
Sublime love that fills you with of of
hope and love that fills you with desire
to live with what remains, with what little is left
It doesn't matter if it stays, it will grow up soon
everything again will be that again
Valencia extraordinary than the world
everything has gone through it so you know
that I adore you, I still love you, I will put you
all my love to continue being with you
you and see you very soon all my love
Bye
Heavens
buff Bravo
o o how beautiful How beautiful How beautiful has
been the video How beautiful it has been
I loved the video, it's hard not to
get excited eh [ __ ] you're excited
you're excited Yes it is that I am
I excite you, you don't
No No yes but you see it seemed to me
very nice but it has given me joy
given joy the truth is that wow what about
Gema Cuervo is such an endearing woman
In addition, his daughter Cayetana takes him very seriously.
controlled both their appearances in
television like the things they do
tiktok that are just pretty things and it is
the main value also gives value to
the older ones That's it
more fully or people Also in
This tragedy that has been alone
days and days and what and what it is
because it seems that sometimes we
We generally forget about the Well, I'm there
Yes, I don't include myself because it is
devotion to the elderly but in
people generally forget about the
older people and not for me
They have exceptional value. But oh well.
a super nice message and I imagine that it is
It has gone viral, no, I hadn't seen it today.
If it was today I haven't seen it, that's it.
what should go viral and not others
nonsense, you know Maribel vilaplana
Yes for
of course yes
Of course, what is it? I didn't know.
sporty but I'm watching here
sports journalist I'm watching for
Here are some pictures of a soccer field
man, if you tell me, if you tell me that
meets with Carlos Mazn and why
supposedly Carlos Mazn who did not
We have confirmed that he was going to give it to him
give an important little position not In average
There Valencia is full of charges. Thanks, xa
Hey, I do see this.
and I don't know, so let's see, yes, it is
true one thing is worth as far as I know
read to see well tell tell it yourself and
then then I think I want to return it
to listen eh Well, I have several
things to comment on regarding this and
Maribel is a journalist like you.
You said it right, I didn't know her before.
that I really hadn't heard of this.
never talk about her at best
suddenly if you put it on some program
that I have seen or what I know and say Ah
Well, look, yes, no, but that doesn't suit me.
sounds and those 5 hours that Carlos Mason
is eating according to him at a meal of
business other people said it was a
meal
personal because he does it with this woman
Eh, of course, let's see, there are people who have taken out
today this tweet that apparently
belongs to her husband
and her husband posted a tweet
announcing that he is getting divorced, you can't
Translate this well happily divorced
for 7 years now there is no need to be
No
I understand if it is from If it is from 7 years ago to
See sorry, eh, maybe I'm
I translated it wrong, that's what I understand
there but if Put from I mean if it is from
because
because why did you put yourself and now someone
Can you translate it because I might be
I was wrong about this. Of course, that is.
as if he is celebrating his anniversary
happily to see what people say is
that I can't read it
divorce have been divorced for s is
if he is a husband and if he is divorced by
what does that happily divorced tit say
but it's not like a hint, it's a
indirectly what I am understanding
With that tweet, wow, Perlita, what a mess!
taken off no of course of course no no
Exactly the same Exactly the same and
Let's go and today is our anniversary
I understand that it will be just 7 years
since their divorce and celebrated it
giving to understand of course of course of course
implying that Perlita is coming and giving
to understand that of course, well that is already a
speculation and interpretation
personal but giving to
understand Of course if they are closing all
The Terraces I'm looking for another
to sit down but it's at McDonald's
there it doesn't fail there it doesn't fail you V sit you
you are going to
Sit down, man, for dinner, I'm not going to sit down
to ask me for a coke because it's that he is
everything is closing here but grandma
don't worry or if I go to the house of
Mozart who is here you are also going to be
a live show from McDonald's you prefer
McDonald's or Mozart's house Make one
survey that is here next to see
McDonald's or Casa de Mozart. What do you prefer?
This is a joke, I really do. But
She is alone in fine right now
doing Stream I mean you're doing irl
actually now I'm doing what
irl would this be Ah Talk to me in the
Spanish YouTube Well look right now
You are showing us Vienna
then you will be doing irl
teaching us a little to see I tell you is
normal afternoon they are closing eh what
It's going to be late, grandma, daughter, don't you
Don't worry, I'm in the center.
There are people. Eh. It's that my grandmother sees the
straight to see if he's going to think I'm going
to end up in a ditch but you have the hotel
you have the hotel in a good area yes and
as things are even tighter
Have you thought that no but yes? Well, to
See, you told me you have more money.
That reassures me at the bank.
Well I don't know, I'll eat it later.
I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know
you might be surprised no no no Look around
Here they give us a little help
Mara Prez Mara a kiss, beautiful you
first super chat as a 19 year old
years that has helped as much as possible to
Valencia I think we have shown that
We are not the Cristal Bueno generation
In honor of the truth, Mara Prez, I believe
that there has been everything I think there has been
I've had everything in terms of ages.
I think that everyone who has wanted to, I believe
that everyone who has wanted has been
putting your shoulder to the wheel, eh? Now something else.
is the one who has not wanted and and and yes and yes
could that there are also we have seen
up to children, that is, up to small children
saying no no what to play what to play me
I'm going to continue here giving it my all, that is, and
children losing their schools and following Y
It's clear that there is everything, as in every
Like everyone, thank you very much, Maria
Thank you very much Maria Perez, what I
I want us to reach 2000 likes
eh before the 2000 members to the
2000 likes eh Because there are 2500 here
people Marina and I have left over Or rather me
likes are missing, I don't know, it's free, eh, it's free
You can give it a like if you want to see it
Let's see, there aren't 2000 likes, please.
that we are at one degree there are no 2000 likes
I'm going to put Carlos Madson so that we
give it okay okay I am perfectly fine
aware of the moment in which
We are the night has started phenomenally
because it started with the appearance of
Maribel Vilaplana
which as everyone knows is a symptom
that everything is going to be very well You already know
that in Valencia there are two types of gala
those presented by Maribel Vilaplana and those
then secondly a round of applause
sea
Oh almost a week eh How how how it
You're carrying what flirtation Well, look
I think this is a blessing to be able to
to live so in the first person and to be
direct witness of the great force
human solidarity and aid
because that makes you have the head
busy and that you can't or that you have
less time to cry you know and
to assume even I have one
a close person whom I love very much
that to this day I don't know where it is.
we know where it is
Hey, I have friends who have lost everything and
They don't have their businesses now and they have
to start over and neither I nor for
example, their families are capable
still perhaps crying
this
eh you think it's a flirtatious tone or
It's a flattering tone to hire her
because for whatever reason this woman will move
a lot and is interested in having it in the
television there man Honestly
Honestly Ah sorry that Honestly
I think if we didn't know about this
situation if we did not know that it was met
with her that day I think it's a
comment are some comments that
would have gone unnoticed but
Now knowing as we know that
They held a meeting that was
eating together listening to these
statements who better than her Let's go
He puts her on the altars, man for
part of it There is a flirtation but
very clear, that is, but very clear, very clear
very clear and I don't know how I don't see him
nor when speaking does it transmit to me
not a shred of humanity does not leave me
conveys no empathy or closeness
nothing seems to me to be set, ever. Better said
It seems to be set by the
city council which is a saying, so eh No
tells me absolutely nothing and she
neither I mean no no I don't know what kind
They will have a link, I don't know if it will be on the part of
of him and her maybe well man Yes
a person in this case is you
offering things or giving you things
things to
level I love TV let's see you love TV Yes
Spain no TV TV no
YouTube well the people the people here from
once in a while she's nice. I don't know anymore.
been but it has given her like oats
in one go but it hasn't stopped because
less to greet us that we see it is not
They are people who look at where it comes from
okay so you understand it, that is to say,
not even Barbara Rey in her best times
What do you mean wait? Oh, I can't see it.
in the casino
Vienna Ah, that's a pleasure, No, maybe
I wouldn't go in so you could see it but
no if you can record you know no no no no
I feel like throwing up, I don't feel like it
we can't throw things away because things are so tight
play the slot machine don't play the slot machine
never I didn't play never play never never
Okay, not for
Please I don't know, I don't know what this will lead to, but
I also tell you that he supposedly alleges or if
It is alleged that he was off schedule or
be from the official agenda and out of
schedule yes it is true that there already
We also enter into a dilemma of
Okay, you're off the agenda, but I don't know.
I think that a person with that position I
I would always carry my phone, I mean, I don't know
how to tell you I think that in the end you
demands 247 in quotes You have your your
life apart from this but I don't know
eh No, I mean I would always be on the lookout
of of if something happens Yes or that is that it is not
I understand how a person with that
responsibility can take so long
give signals in such a situation or
can be so disconnected from
your phones of your I don't I don't
I understand, I don't know, you, eh, I don't understand
asking in the chat if he is
married he is married he is married he
is married to a person who also
He is a relative of someone from the PSOE
Valencia I don't know exactly
If I don't know exactly what kind of
familiar is
but but yes yes yes he is married he is
married, well, look at the grace that
will be doing to the woman
Eh, I don't know if it will be the first time that
you have to hear something like that Let's see, it's not
to generalize But this is a classic
of the politicians of the businessmen of
I don't know what I know in the words of
This gentleman really looks like a flirt and
an attitude that is not common among
that not even among colleagues, that is
between a politician and a journalist I do not
I have seen it beyond, it is not that neither
even between Snchez and Ins Hernn
not at all I haven't seen it either or
It's that no no no I can't find it
sense let's go in short Javi I don't know how
This will end. I understand that people are
say hey of course from anger
desperation, impotence, whatever you say or say
This is happening here and you are having lunch with me.
a journalist also tells you to load
upon her the responsibility or the
guilt or anger or I don't know until
which point does not load, that is, the blame
about her why
Man, it's clear that they're not going to have it.
much No no about her yes but because the
people there is always always someone to
everything but let's see, she wouldn't even have
[ __ ] idea what was going on but
he does. I mean, what the hell does she know?
journalist But he Well she what the [ __ ]
you are going to see a male journalist to see
See Marina, a journalist who will know
of what the emet has reported the
alerts if a ravine has overflowed
in another town because already in the morning
the one from Chiva no Yes well that was being
messing around, of course, like this guy.
I think this guy is the one that seems to me
very strange because imagine you have a
commitment You have to talk to her and
In the end, people have to eat.
but 5 hours to meet this woman
neglecting such an important thing
Uncle arrived late This seems to me
I was flirting and then the
men often when they have a
ench eh my goodness Javi for God's sake no no no
no but it is that yes yes yes sadly it is
This is how his vision became clouded in Valencia.
I think the cold drop is quite common.
They have, like almost every year, no And
then then it's like you're going to dump a [ __ ]
Barranco and we went to the streets because
come and come, [ __ ] it, you know that?
that's what he would think, he wouldn't think that
Yes, it was worth so much, that's why it was
He broke his face at night when
goes out at night His head breaks down
face Sure but it has been put together
tremendous natural catastrophe tremendous with
that is to say, it is not that it has been neglected
That is why it joins with a
scandal that can be a scandal
personal level So it's not that
I was in my house, isolated.
that I was there for an hour and a half, I don't know where
I don't know, no, no, I was with a girl
It's getting a little bit closer together. Please understand me.
leaving it in a flat room with sauce
that is, with personal issues of having is
like my God, I mean it's like one and it
well that and how well it has come to him
I've done something, I'm sorry, but why are you going to
tell her totally why it is that
The rejn has not been left That has come to him
good because nothing nothing at all nothing at all
Menona eh. Look at Elisa mulia the other one.
day posted some tweets referring to igo
rejn and people answering him no longer in
plan no longer interests me, he doesn't tell me, he told me
You don't realize what has happened in
Valencia, how well you know how to make it clear
stop stop the subject has come to him very very
Well, let's see, yes, I understand that
when I return in quotation marks
normality without forgetting what has
past here and that should not be forgotten
I understand that the topic is somehow
will recover, speaking of the subject of the
complaints about how the progress is being made
testimonies man I tell you at a level
media and what it has meant that
That topic is also going to come back, that's what you'll find out.
I say the same as the moment the subject of
Daniel Sancho had a time there that was not
and then well this is recovered, you already know
I say that he will recover, let's go. Don't you
Don't worry, we'll have more news.
It's beautiful at night, I'm what you are.
Say, Hey, what did you want to comment? Wait.
Ah well Ah Ah well You're going to freak out that
No Javi, I don't know, I don't know.
told the chat this morning because
This morning I saw that it was good for me
this thing was walking and such and so
I had met up with a friend I made
at the airport yesterday that too
I was traveling, I was traveling, I was doing it, I've done it
I have made friends, yes, eh
He is also studying journalism and such.
And well if you see us talking I say daughter
My luck and very nice from Pamplona and
Talking Talking Talking such Well
I had just met her this morning
in the cathedral for the cathedral and we have
done as a tour and just walking I think
that we have seen a
suicide can't be said like that
word no I mean we have seen a suicide
to take life to take life or
we have seen a life taken away
take life, that is, we have not seen it
we haven't seen it literally but already
the police have come here
police and and they were investigating and such And
Of course, here they speak German and no
We are understanding nothing but we have
left
hallucinated and you know what I what I
what I remembered or daughter what not No
I'm stiff, so I say, go then.
I was remembering
because I remember well at that time No
because I was little or I was
teenager but I remember that I tried
that topic a lot and it made me feel very sorry
that was
when when Erica Ortiz the sister of
Queen Leticia's was removed was removed
in the middle
Hey, look, doing a reflection while walking.
that I was telling this girl
Hey, look, Erica Ortiz was 31.
years lived that is Carla's mother
Vigo lived in Valde Bernardo in Madrid
on the floor that was previously the
Queen Letizia's bachelorette apartment
He lived there, he knew, he was known for
everyone who had health problems
mental such But well when it seemed that
the things that things were going
better decided to get rid of
half I will never forget c there is
Los's refrigerator
Almendros seventh floor of a block of
11 is that I say it because I don't know
Why I'm sharing this now
but I'm remembering because there
I was there a couple of years ago. Well, let's see.
what had been [ __ ] How fast
Javi, I was there a couple of years ago.
because that floor belonged to the re one
Leticia and then passed it to him and left it to him
her sister
eh it was an apartment that at the time eh it
They called it [ __ ], they called it there all the
cursed floor because before it happened
that with Queen Letizia's sister
There had also been other incidents
What is happening that in the end yes yes no
no no no no equal but incidents what
That's what happens, that floor is yes
sold for I think they were
230,000 about 15 16 years ago and when I
I went, well, the neighbors told us, well
I went with a friend
The neighbors told us anecdotes.
when they met
the queen and and and King Philip that he was going
on a motorcycle on a motilla, well, one
Vespa eh was going with his helmet he didn't fit through
the garage in a super discreet way
I went up in the elevator with my helmet on
elevator eh of course there were like their
first get-togethers with friends were when
They met and everything and that apartment has
Well, of course it's not going to have a story
It has history and and and it was sold and it
The owners evidently had it
bought were knowledgeable about knew the
apartment they were buying and it
They wanted to reform everything because of that
they turned it all the way around to
that I don't eat because of things that I don't
had nothing of what the apartment had
previous and and they are still there I came back two years ago
years and they are still there the same
owners the owners have never
dear obviously it is normal and totally
legitimate they have never wanted to talk about it
Well, from Hey, how typical
curiosities that people here may not know
Hey, understand what pee is like
eh when they bought it because they
they bought her or how was it
buy the typical details of curious people
that people may be interested in and not
In the end, well, look, he left one there.
girl as is Carla, orphan very very
Young Carla has also had several
Mental health problems, I don't know that one.
girl I admire how she has come forward
Despite their things, there are many people who
I feel very sorry that he laughed at her
many times I have seen her a couple of times
times and I think she is a lovely girl and
I know there are people who have
taken advantage of her and it makes me very sad and
I hope everything goes well for you
best I can and I remember that when
At that funeral Queen Letizia tried
tried to cover up so that the press would not
find out and have no
transcendence because they did not understand how
Hey, the press wanted to go to the funeral.
I wanted to know more details about what happened
In the end, Leticia was pregnant.
6 months of Infanta Sofia
I agree perfectly and they didn't understand
the interest of the press is evidently
had and in the end sadly Well the
Morvo always wins but but it is very
heavy 31 years old 31 years old had an intake
of tranquilizers and and he took it off he took it off
in the middle and I remember that after Ah Y
Javi the topic of Mental Health was put
on the table in both institutions
public like Well yes politicians people
of culture And look at what
serves give a few words say four
things and today 18 years later
almost what a shame eh it seems yes
absolutely something was heard again
From Peafiel, what a barbarity that gave
eh Ah yes I wrote to him I didn't tell you
I also wrote H to him but that man didn't
He answers the WhatsApp: No, yes to me.
I told him like, of course, because I
I don't know at what point because supposedly
was going to be in something related to
Barbara Rey something that they were going to broadcast that
He was going to come out or I don't know what, look at him in
internet something something related to
Barbara Rey I don't know exactly what
then I asked him and he says I'm not going to
do nothing I'm not going to say anything like that
He has been advised to stay out of the spotlight
media because let's remember the last
that he did what barbarity I mean
that today's farewell is for him
that he does not remember for the one who does not
remember he went on a YouTube show
which by the way that program is eh a
Gaona's Youtube podcast is called no
who is a doctor no I don't know if he is a
doctor or a scientist I don't know exactly
who is s I know that he goes sometimes to the
Iker's program but this man when
Jaime Peafiel said that barbarity in his
YouTube channel that what he said was that
the reason why rica took off her
life was because she had lent him
let's say pregnancy. So that's what
Leticia couldn't get pregnant because
the abortions that she had had no and that and
that the ulos were from the sister no I mean
like that like that the sister
had the girls, the two girls who didn't
had not even been born
born the eldest, the one who is not Leticia is
pregnant with the second
But it's good that Leticia doesn't
let the girls see something like that
that took his life is like host But
is that I will never fully understand it
They have explained it to me, you have tried it for me
explain a thousand times but I won't understand
because the royal house does not demand it.
I said it, so look if you go into
any digital communication medium
eh or people I don't repeat like Pilar Ire eh
people
but how many people Eh that are
very good novelists write very well
speaks very well, novel very well, never
I think the house once denied it to him
escape once when they already exceed x
limit or something that doesn't interest them
How are they going to get into all these things?
because it would lose credibility
institution to enter into things as it can
enter rtv that sees for example what they say
such a program is cancelled tomorrow because no
RTV does not deny this information.
Good program but the Royal House As
institution is going to get involved in denying if
Juan Carlos has called his son for such
No, I mean, you watch the media all the time.
of communication every day
Infanta Elena, for example, bounced back today
Well, the Infanta's maximum anger
Elena and her daughter called her yesterday such but
You think he's going to get in
institution did not call Infanta Elena to
Victoria Federica when they are already from the
royal family but they are not known I mean no
I want to tell you, it doesn't make sense, no.
They're going to do never never Then it's taken
the freedom of the people on television
as in radio as in written press
to say whatever they want without
no consequences and it won't have any
never And you can read headlines
brutal and people click because it gives
a lot of traffic the royal house is what
works best on the internet for reading No
I know if on YouTube but on the internet the
royal house traffic is barbaric or rather
It's an outrage, I don't know if it's there now
I think she is calmer now there was a
very strong time now I think it has calmed down
a bit of fact the tweets themselves
Jaime del Burgo no longer throws
No matter how much you try to call her
attention from time to time but but yes
Yes, I mean it's very strong, let's see. It's that
you know what happens that this is the topic
judicial people mix the complaints
with civil lawsuits and people
thinks that a lawsuit is something as it is in
the court believes that it is the same thing
that a complaint and of course the people what
You have to understand that a demand that
This is what is asked for by the right to
Honor is a civil thing, it is basically
claim money then Claro you
imagine a queen or the King putting you
a lawsuit in England is done in
England has a lot of mistakes.
respect for the royal house because yes
They sue the media and whoever does it.
missing but not here of course because it can be seen
as of course you are making a demand
you are asking for money but yes
There is a crime which is insults to
the crown and I consider that there are times
that here Tell me every day but
Look at the respect that has been shown to him
lost to King Juan Carlos and the emeritus
none Look how people are already talking about that
respect in the sense of Before there was
true when he had power there was true
respect bars fear on television
issue according to what things are now being discussed
photos with Barbara Rey does not have any
kind of but let's see, you are confusing that
It's not that respect has been lost
nor that he has missed seeing that it is
He is now talking about things that he used to say
were censored from speaking but the
respect has not been lost on anyone
is disrespectful What is being done
telling the truth that he had girlfriends
everywhere I put them
horns to Sofia for me that is for for
To me that is clear, to me that is losing him.
respect at the public level should not be lacking
respect of insult but lack of Clear
Of course, of course, respect in terms of
lose respect for me. Well, of course.
Disrespecting him is what they do with
Leticia, of course that is no and for example you
I give an example Isabel Pantoja when
I had a contract with Tele5 and was in
Idol Kids or I don't know what Marvelous was in
how much you don't want to be with Tele5
boom boom bom boom I get from you what
You know what I want to tell you is that
Of course with me against me eh I don't know eh but
come on
Hey, the subject is heavy and it's what you say.
That doesn't happen in England, I tell you.
I don't think it's happening, let's actually get to the point.
that I or is the subject. Note that
different eh How they approach the
transparency of the royal house
British with Spain, eh, for example
the topic of Kate Middleton or Charles III
cancer Does anyone know what it doesn't have?
why it belongs in quotation marks to its
privacy but look, I have a
Dilemma Does anyone know what cancer is?
of Carlos Terero Kate Middleton who in
truth people will say here no one cares
It matters but someone knows
really because it seems quite to me
dirty that eh
Well look, yes, here personally yes.
It has often been speculated that it is cancer
I don't know what I saw on YouTube.
I have seen in the media that he has cancer
I don't know what but dude, I mean people don't
has no idea what cancer is
impossible if it does not come from them or if it is not
impossible to access that information
because they are in charge of that
not unless someone leaks it from
from there within the institution thing
that is impossible for the people who love it the most
It is clear that it is cancer.
Of course, in the case of Kate Miedelton
for example we talk about the topic no yes yes
We have one more video to upload.
because today there is still no
mentioned no one on YouTube I was
looking for some information but today
There has been another appearance that I measured
Do you want us to put the first one? Yes, go ahead.
But it is on the day of the mapola it is like
the day of the mapola the day of Remembrance
Well now we explain it, does it sound familiar to you?
little no no that I don't know if it will be a
metaphor or not I mean I understand that it won't be
They will not refer to poppies
literally it's not like a symbol or something
It's like a day of remembrance as for the
soldiers and civilians of the
First World War Then it
symbolizes as with a Poppy in
I remind them that the day is truly
tomorrow but as today is Sunday and it is
party because it is celebrated today Ok silence
[Music]
[Applause]
That is to say, it is a day of mourning, no
Marina Perdn is a yes, it is a day of mourning
and also look at the
clothes are everything, that is to say,
people Yes yes of course absolute mourning Look
on top of that, excuse the redundancy,
Look, then people say that
They are always talking about the
clothing of the above all of the
women not of royalty but it is that
They say absolutely everyone at the end of mourning
That is, the locker rooms speak, they speak for
yes alone always and the mapola as the
symbol of the day of the mapola in the
I remember the deceased
Yesterday he was also in London, that is
This is the second reappearance she is
playing the role of a bit
of the queen consort of Camila who
is also having health problems or
whether the British royal house is here
I don't know exactly what it is
I had the truth that they are all a little
Sara died, Sara died too
second who died not Sara How was she Oh
Sara Ferguson
called Sara Ferguson who also
skin cancer sar Ferguson yes s Who
It's not that he died, he died, no way.
sorry he died they detected a
skin cancer okay okay is that when
He died, I say, it doesn't ring a bell for me.
too much worth No no Or the truth is
that the crown
British does not give yes I tell you the
cancer is what I see, I think
It was when she announced to us that
suffered from cancer began with the
chemotherapy and in September through
from another video announced the end of the
chemotherapy So I have a feeling I don't want to
speculate, especially with something like this
Obviously, but I have a feeling that I'm glad
let's go infinitely that there is
finish Note that normally the
cancer patients say that
never at the end, always patient
oncological but I'm glad
infinitely that in 6 months the
chemotherapy has been so effective
so I suspect that cancer would be
local ad whatever and it was something between
quotes that they caught it in time and
You know well why if not, there is no other option.
explanation the truth So I'm glad
42 years well with Prince William
with her husband and we have seen well
Carlos III also also with with
cancer the truth that the prince
William, his son and Kate's husband, has
said that it has been a horrible year that
He is very proud of his wife and his
Father, but it has been a horrible year
in the end living with a father and a
and with a woman Well, good thing they are there
two being treated for cancer, well no
It's easy but well it's seen that the
two are getting ahead So
that we are doing well because really and never
Better said if cancer is King, it reigns
Cristiano Ronaldo or Pepito from the
Montera Street if you don't catch cancer
in time whoever you are does not destroy you or
be finished with you asende doesn't understand
royalty nor of
No, I mean, no matter how much you leave, I'm going to
set the example but to Houston where
Whatever you do, I believe that Spain
That is, in this case, eh, do what you
Whoever you are, you don't understand, I think.
I think we're going to let him not understand, let's see.
sometimes there are times when eh yes
You are a person with many resources
Eh there are times when you have a
better treatment and more
possibilities no I mean if they take it from you
time but if they catch you in one eh
phase in which there is no remedy
the same money you have that does not matter
understands nothing but maybe you
I can extend it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yes, if they catch it in time I'm in.
I agree, but if not, I think that's why
much that wherever you go the medicine
It is medicine and does not work miracles by
no matter how much you do or how much we go
I think we're going but yes yes yes to me it has
surprised eh I say that or so that well
It hasn't even been months and he already says that
It's cured, so I think it's great.
I sense that it would be located and that it would not
It would be and But it has been very fast right and
has or because it is a wig or not because
There was a lot of speculation as to whether it was
wig but he has great hair, man, yes
without wig will be of the hyper mega
extra expensive and that hardly any man can
appreciate if you put yourself in a fine state if you are a
expert on the subject and expands but I
Of course I don't know about that topic but
Hey, let's go, it's just that I see it great like this.
that in the end it is true that in the beginning
They speculated a lot about how bad the face looked
They have seen I don't know what they have seen because I
I see it great or at least it is
shows great thing that makes me happy
Come on, but I just got flirted with in the
chat Marina I don't miss you that the other
Hope day they have said Javi
Irresistible doesn't it seem strange to you that the
another day Esperanza Aguirre you are not with me
playing with me you are not playing with me
because you know I don't see the chat, put it there for me
Here I see it. Hey, but let's go.
Let's see, but why do you distrust so much?
Just kidding Look Ah But this is you with
another account hell no no no no no
I don't have If you say that You say that You say
That Sia who also cried and defended me
They're going to believe that I can defend myself alone.
because I have multiple accounts and things like that
those that are as if I already said everything
that I want to say on my own when there is
something relevant of course Javi and resist Ah
It doesn't say ha I think it will be Haha And
I resisted another yes of course it could be for
Another thing, listen to me, excuse me, Gemma Garca
that he has messed up. Well, I don't know if
We would call this a blunder
a blunder because a blunder is
when you do it unintentionally, not when
You are wrong, but of course I don't know if this has happened.
been a mistake on purpose or a little
utilization let's watch the video and
We mentioned it because there has been gossip
among journalists And V waits
I hope there will be likes. No, well, look, I'll tell you.
that we just reached 2800 people and
However, there are only 100 likes.
Marina That means that people
I'm going to Vienna, I'm going to do well, no, no
He is really liking what he sees
better not. I mean, I imagine it's because of you.
eh No family, let's see, tell me in the chat
Hey, could we put a survey on the
chat no no no no no no because that would be
a bit like dad or mom no but let's see
both both yes yes no give the like
Hey, look, they're flirting with me more. No.
But of course if they don't give it a like I don't know if
It's just that people are really liking it
today's program or not that I
It seems to be being impressive and
We still have to go, man. Of course.
we have until the battery runs out
If I have no battery left and I don't know how to get there
home tonight We have to accompany you, watch out
eh Wait wait Ah okay But wait a
second I'm going to check the battery eh wait
Yes yes while I put the video with
try it
Okay, let's leave. Oh, that's right, neither the
We have not seen her come out as a singer nor have we seen her
seen arriving in Madrid with what we are
only speculating in principle
would be in Madrid because we already know that
you have to do a series of procedures
Then Marisa might as well throw something in
light on the people and how are they?
dealings with this matter become complicated
but that future is certainly not the case
We know where it is because even though there is
people close to Isabel's environment
Pantoja who sends us that is in
Madrid Well, we have to believe it Yes
Yes, it is in Madrid, well we have to
believe it. Eh, well, Isabel Pantoja, really.
singer who is alone there singer who
her is her brother Juani is her
brother has left him there
brother whom he threw out at the time with his
with his wife he is saving me already
I said at the time that Isabel Pantoja
that it was said that the cames had arrived
imenes Monica per singer is the zone
where is c Medina that is Medina
Sidonia and we just saw it right now
the same door of what is the state
famous Isabel Pantoja door that
where she says you're not going to record me anymore
we just saw the one that is giving the
road where the road is
Medina last week are images of the
Last week I think it's the one we're going to do.
which is the first time we are seeing
These images are the graphic document
The graphic document is very powerful
powerful and according to me that look at it look at it in
It has flooded Even the water
evidently Although it is although it is in
a loft yes it is true that people
that they have sent me these images
They report that the water would have arrived
within what is the estate of the
Cortijo that The Cortijo is not us
Let's go crazy at El Cortijo
smashed okay okay Wait wait from
Here from my echo is worth a kiss from here
To Mnica Vergara, I love her.
very much that she is a friend of mine But eh Let's see
This video is what Jorge says is like
I think the coordinator is in agreement
deputy director is that it is of the week
past or rather I think that on par with what
From Valencia I think it is even and the people
Of course, of course, let's see Marina, it's that in
It didn't seem so bad to me
because I expected something else eh But to me
I didn't think it was that bad because in Jesus
eh there was a day of flooding because of the
Dana you also know then Well look what
What happens is that I know it's true that man
A week later, the video was released
as an exclusive Good
but it is when of course that is when they
the material will have arrived or someone will
He has sent it so then that it is true
that take it out So it seems that as as
which is more current and such I don't know to what extent
point if it is true that the images
It looks clear, I mean, I don't know to what extent
It's a hoax, I wouldn't call it a hoax at all.
people are saying how they are
Artificial intelligence not even
because there is a journalist who is this
story creator but says today puts today
but this does say it's from the week
past man I sense that many
I don't know about the damage. Eh, yes, but of course.
who says he fought here for
claim to be there today but if in the
video that we have heard eh it is said
clearly it's from last week
I'm from when Dana passed by
What is the controversy now about Isabel Pantoja?
Yes, it is true that it is in Madrid
because let's also see how the media
we are eh we are all going to do a little bit of
self-criticism eh Because eh situation
alarming Isabel Pantoja in the hospital
I had a medical appointment in
Madrid Even today J people are me
looking as if he were recording him
They clarify how I am, so you know, I say to
see if they're going to break my face
We have to see, well, could you upload?
audience also you
I say Marina, a person involved is
let the face go, there is the evening
from IB Oh I wish I could win them all in one
combat roseo let's go already you have it already you have it
I say and last night I spoke with
audio yes because that is an extract eh No no
No way, these are not YouTubers' things. Ah
Well son, forgive me, it's that clear.
Plebe no no no no it's because I have a
problem with Twitch and I made a
consultation
Well I've spoken to several people who
They are trying to talk but come on, I
I think it's already complicated because tomorrow is
Monday the squid game starts
Tuesday and the participants are already here
full unless I suddenly
bring back the channel imagine tonight
or tomorrow I wake up with the channel of
Twitch and suddenly someone fails
participants who are already announced that
It may happen that someone fails but it is
that there are already reservations then too
It is very complicated. I almost don't.
Let's say I don't see a miracle as such.
What to do, but oh well, now the illusion
never lost until the end
let's go to that one, to that series, yes, I grabbed it, yes, I
I was still excited to participate in the truth
so there are 100 in reserve already but oh well
Lili, we would put a little bit of that in there.
plug seems so strange to me because total
It feels so strange to me not to see the
chat you have to trust me you have to trust me
that you can't trust me, but we don't
They are wanting I think that we are not
They want today and it's very cold
incredible temperatures I wish I didn't know
what they will do where the people are now
seeing this but I really don't know if they are
2s degrees or one eh I don't know how I can
It's so cold here anyway. But oh well.
This is the important thing that I believe is not
I know when it arrived in Madrid but that
He is in Madrid with his inseparable friend
Brother the Dark Augustine
And here I remember Agustn, my mother yes
is that they do not fail
em but but come on Even the portal me
It has been very funny that it is already
true already what we do not see in in in
internet eh Even idealistic yes
It is true that it has its space for
famous that I many times when a
famous sold a house bought it
we took out of there in such a famous way
sold his house they always published it
There, eh, already, idealistic, where Isabel lives
Pantoja is already taking it out on the farm of no s
and has positioned itself very well
news I say my mother idealist does not leave
Here we go, it's already at full capacity and nothing, it's not anymore
I know if Monica Vergara says that she has
generated some destruction man singer
Medina, suitable and singer, is very large or
be the whole slope H up everything but
Man, I understand those floods.
I think people get very angry but
because they can't go to the news either
Isabel Pantoja sells I'm going to put because
the audio of the person who sent it to me
the news is worth it, can you send it to me?
You always also know that when there is
such impotent news important that
Do you want us to comment on it live?
You can send it via WhatsApp or Twitter
by Instagram Vale and the woman who
has sent this to the one I am sending a
kiss was very angry with him too
news topic wait wait wait
her name won't be Olga, no, well, damn Olga.
How do you know? Come on, I've looked at it, I've looked at it.
looked at because it says it here because it is
low bar and start with l without saying it
eh I don't know he talks to me on WhatsApp
Bisom Yes yes I know who it is I know who
It's that he has sent me several
audios to Instagram and is a big fan of
Isabel Pantoja So this girl is not
maja eh you can talk to her but
I was very indignant, of course, very yes
With me I also say ma'am I don't think so
He hasn't answered you, I say I'm in Vienna
But we are happy to talk about it.
Olga was outraged
deck and what follows that we are not going to
say ah the L and what follows I don't know anymore
because he talks to me on WhatsApp
Instagram too I don't know put it come on
Come on, come on, Hello, I prefer to send you a
audio And so I explain it to you, it's the same. Look at you.
I'm going to spend a
There is a link on social networks, that is, on
TT gave some information
was flooded with new problems
by Isabel Pantoja and there is a boy who
He is a journalist who happened to be
standing guard in Cantora And he went up yesterday
some images where it says let's see
I'm in Cantora and that's how the farm is.
there was no water or anything And then he
answers the deputy director of another
journalist at a party where he says he doesn't know
It says in the link on the website that
clearly specifies that the images are from
a week ago So what not
I understand if they are from a week ago
I don't believe it because that farm
He is always on guard and has not gone out
none
images how they currently bring that
news to the present as to understand
in the headlines not the new Prabel
Pantoja singer is flooded when the
reality is different then it seems to me that
is to create an alarm associated with a topic
so important and such a complicated topic
that has caused so much havoc
in Valencia and simply regret how it is
try pantojas then we release
any bomb we drop anything
and we don't care and it seems to me that
lack of respect and sensitivity towards
so many people who really are
going through a bad time just to continue
generating the Pantoja thing from raisins
everything
bad and then
It's incredible Incredible how they can be
put together some videos or you can put together a
a one because we know that with the
Artificial intelligence we can
ride whatever whatever but whatever
what little shame they have of
Saying no on the website is made clear
that the video that the flood is
last week it is not true there is that
enter the link and see what it says
link you have to watch the video and see the
video
It's a really edited video.
a video is mounted and cannot be followed
generating more bu sea of Isabel
be from Valencia whatever it is with him
the subject of the catastrophe cannot be continued
generating hoaxes and that some media outlets
communication
shut up, how simple
the no when it is totally false is that
false the same thing happened with the audio of
Begoa, gentlemen, does anyone believe that
woman is defending some dishes
Isabel pja is not true only for
to put oneself in the spotlight to put oneself in
current events with a 2019 video that already
It was shown with a better saying already
showed and released in the
which is authorized by Isabel pant
mount that video when those people don't
They are related first of all because
Laa was a television program
We saw him back at Isabel all the time
world And secondly Because it already
makes it clear that it is continuing to generate pain
in the daughter and in the mother who I think is not
There is a right that they have brought this
the theme
current events to continue creating controversy
and the hatred towards Isabel panta no
there is more, there was a face face and a
debate on a plate that I don't even know
HE
[Music]
Neither was anything clarified nor was anything known nor
What happened in Fug Girola? Neither nor nor the mother
of the tomatoes it was simply that Alexia
Rem would put against Isabel that the begoa
acted like she was
defending and it is not true we know how
They work on those dishes what they say
In the meetings two defend you and
four throw it at you and that's how we create the
debate we create content and fill
a few hours of television but I think
that you youtubers who are dedicated
in heart shape should be
dismantle many things they do in that
chain without any scruples, really
What I'm saying is that there is no scruple and with it
Dana's theme is that
They are manipulating not the following I think
that it is time to dismantle many
of those people who are creating confusion
unnecessary simply to generate
content and content and content and
content and content I'm going to pass you the
link Sorry to have made you a
audio so long I'll send you the link
so you can see
the link of
tele5 and see the comment what that
does the journalist and not that journalist
There is another journalist who debates and
says to Jorge Moreno No, it's not that the
website you don't clarify anything nor do you say anything
because he specifies we have not left
Of course in the program that the images
They are from last week, really.
Someone believes in a flood like
the one we are showing them in the
video in three days there is no more that one
flood and another thing to say that the water
He entered the Cortijo and everything was and that
ended with everything, so everything is a
disaster We are really crazy
his name is pant his name is whatever his name is
I think there is no right to do what
They make that woman of
true Let's see she's very angry let's see
Mrs. Olga Madam
Olga, what do you mean that you are
inventing the program that has been put
Artificial intelligence and that has put
the water and that a car has passed and
suddenly he put the water on with intelligence
artificial for a flood no or that is
is that tomorrow I am going to talk to
Monica Vergara and of the record I'm going to
ask him where he got that from
material and the next day in peti
committee I will tell you how it was forged
that video because that's what we're going to see eh
I understand that this lady likes it
Isabel Pantoja a lot but I don't either
I have seen no self-criticism and
From time to time you have to do self-criticism
According to her, she is dismantling and has put in
to Dallas in the audio no Dana gives it no
No, no, Javi is deaf, he has spoken
from Dallas has mixed Pantoja with Dallas
Yes, I haven't noticed. Yes, imagine, well.
I would be touching something here, it wouldn't hurt me
Let's see if he told Dallas the
Dana no no man no Hey why
please has said d says people say Yes
Yeah
So F you haven't noticed, of course I say
Well Dana, but what is it that I don't know either?
He didn't say anything wrong about Pantos, let's see about that.
It is a video that I understand that someone
I would record last week when in je
There were floods, well, damn it there were floods.
floods of people Even in the
streets with cars almost floating
also eh in some streets Not so
as big as Valencia but there was one
flood one day that was quite
important in a town and damn that video
that we have seen of singer is flooded
the entrance is quite a bit of damage
a puddle is not saying anything bad
you can speak you can't say
totally what I don't understand is the
Mine is the next one people don't talk in
these sites but I'm going to talk to how
They are not going to understand that people do not
He talks on the trams going home that
It's already that I Domino I already Domino I already Domino for
where we have to accompany you Eh yes yes
You have to accompany me, you have to accompany me
accompany drums Eh yes I have a 20 and
peak or rather just now mine is coming it is the
One Vale Fred Angel Plus that's not the one
mine the one the one stop here not to me that
don't be me Yes yes what happens is that it is
a move because I think you have to pay
inside it's a move You'll see it
painting now that I'm not paying no no no
You see the move, the ticket, eh, no, Javi
I'm going, eh? Well, the question
What, let's see. I am also a singer.
uphill I understand that the
flood I don't know the water will have gone
down is that I don't know I don't know I don't know
but it surprises me that it is true that
What Olga says surprises me,
I have had more because it is true
that usually follow up on him But
Well if you thought I was in
Madrid I understand that in Cantora no no
There may have been no press either.
The south is very plagued by journalists
lately no I don't know it's weird it's weird
No, I don't think I would be someone who
would record at the time did not give it to him
send the video to the television stations
but for whatever reason with the passage of time
days like the topic is so viral or it
that it is Don't lose it eh almost that
I didn't know that he had made it to the program
the video and that's it and gives the news
simply that hey look at that singer
has suffered flooding last week
It also makes it very clear that they are from the
last week and I don't see anything wrong with it
news the truth has flooded has been
flooded or that it seems that they have
said that Isabel Pantoja has thrown
water Me neither
I understand, wait a second, what's up?
you pay or not but it comes in another
language but let's see You are in Europe pretty
Do you know this language? Let's see.
teach us
valid immediately wait purchase the
ticket that is not that is right for me. Ah look
fair Okay then it is
very expensive 27 27 four stops
worth one
rage enjoy what you voted for let's see if they were you
could help the pppa that I think
have something nice that I want tomorrow
see in clipse eh but 240 being here
complicated, no, I'm not saying it's very expensive
No, but you see it as normal, two of you, no.
no 270 270 I have the mother of God 270
Hey, that's four [ __ ] stops.
I get off and I mean, you see it as normal. Then
then there is a pack of tobacco that
worth 12 bucks no no no no no no no I haven't
stay quiet shut up what I say is from
The first thing I ask is my
new friend from the airport I say hey
There are no tobacconists and of course and suddenly I see
like a machine on the strange street and
I think the Marlboro Well there were seven and
peak and in Spain there are five and something I don't know
If I say Look, I don't know, thank goodness I
I brought mine because I'm in
direct no yes yes you are doing irl of
done right now Ah irl I don't know irl okay
in real
Hello, good evening to everyone.
Well welcome to this tour for vien
Here we have the hotel on our right
Imperial doesn't look very good because
We are in Ela and it doesn't leave us in very good shape.
Hernandez's ghost hotel
called aso What a [ __ ] memory you have
Of course because I was there with Antonio
David and there was a good brawl.
Of course I remember, I remember that jeia
that I uh that was clear I imagined you
that I missed the stop that could happen
calmly Look at what it's called
No no no the people who are in the chat
Please show solidarity with me
the next stop is
call to see if someone reads it better no no
No, please, let's see if it works.
pronounce it good to
see [ __ ] but imagine that word eh
That word a [ __ ] you take you take and the
you pronounce shower server bar Plus sea
that [ __ ] word makes sense. Eh
Well now it has changed it has changed
has changed now that it is easier
fadinger Plus Stefan fadinger that easy
Of course Marina, you're going to watch a video of Fran
Rivera
Because you're laughing, I've told you very seriously.
Hello everyone fadinger Hey good Setup
good Setup eye such as being a set like this to
from now on in a Hey then plan
Listen to me. Look, it's better than that of
the poor woman
pl ok let's put a video of eh
Fran Rivera putting the truth into Pantoja
what has this weekend been like
and what a picture, that's good. How good that
come on, who are you going to defend?
none How about none
Marina, let's see, it's good.
Put the video if you are going to put one
video of
Tele5 is modified because it is a
YouTube channel that uploads it modified
But man, we're going to have it, not like
that none but if here is the case
very clear
you as a result of the death of your
father was never especially important
when my father was in front it was a
person and when I was not there my
father was another then when mu mi
father evidently since there was no longer
nothing to fear because it was a long time ago
contempt How does your mother live that
At that moment my mother was in a lot of pain, eh?
what happened and she stayed
with the anguish of whether he did it
enough because we had
my father's things, no memories of
My father is a thing that Francisco has
left to be for their children and
that sooner or later they have to be for
your children cannot be for anyone else
have you had any contact at all
verbal communication with Isabel Pantoj No
I don't have to have anything to do with her
That with a lawyers theme all and What is it
specifically what she has
memories that are mostly sentimental
well as Francisco's otar suits
capes and crutches
trophies the stop no no four left Ah
Okay, do you want to say something about what you have
seen until
Now I want to say that look at Fran Rivera
is going to have its third
Son, I'm sure you're in Japan.
spent a couple of stops in Japan No
My hotel is
Japanese are the best, be they sonos cracks
with the noo code self-service
They are good, I don't know what you're going to do.
teach but of course in exchange for what
Because it is clear when it has to
have 2000 likes because it's true
that the entrance is to pee on
See, I would give you a like, let's see, there are 400 missing.
I would give likes, eh, you're going to teach us.
the hotel
[Laughs]
really what needs to be done
Yeah
Okay, well, there is a stop that
It's called Cartier Cartier and there is one but
no no no eye eye I can't stop there
I still don't count it, no, not in Cartiel.
when we have 5000 members
yes no in all to me I stop in all is that
Cartier now has 10,000 members
members of course, let's see, I don't know why the
People today are a little disliked by us
He doesn't want us, we'll have to go, I don't know.
where I don't know the next one I don't know to the
India I don't know where to go anymore. Well, [ __ ] you.
You can post collaborations with Loli.
Orchard below There is nothing left if you don't
It goes well with Loli, there is no further down.
nothing yes FR Rivera who has
said Fran Rivera please Fran Rivera
He's been telling this for 10 years. He's already told us
They have sold it to us like a super
testimony and has been telling the same thing for 10
years It's like Wow Fran Rivera us
surprises us does not surprise us It is not at all
You've been telling the same story that
It will be true, I am sure that
will be
What a pain it is that I am
completely sure that it is true But
come on
No no but I'm also sure that
It's true, one thing he says, let's see please
He says, "He says, up front he had a face."
in front of obviously from paqu by
behind us he despised us, he says that we have
made two children aged 7-10 for this and
then he says and then there is nothing more to see
in the plan with his father's objects that
when he died r that r that no that no that
not Kiko Rivera supposedly Kiko Rivera
supposedly had never seen them
I thought I would talk about Kiko Rivera in a
the surreal truth is good But
But yes, I'll tell you something else later and what will happen
is that I also understand that it is going to
having a third child and what to eat
He himself says Fran Rivera recognizes it and
He says I do this for money, I do one
intervention every x time I take
I feel sorry, he knows he's not here, save me, he's here
a little safer the most similar is
There are two people and they are looking at me.
that people are not used to
speak to hear so much speak clearly
eh And what do you say for 7 clear
and and and that's it but let's go that the guy takes it
mount Well I don't know what they could have done to him
pay 15,000 easily 15
20,000 but that is what they have
told what he has told, he has already told it
counted 598 times exactly the same
testimony is very evident is very
obvious yes it is too obvious no rgo
that it is true But it is true that
For me, at a journalistic level, they are already
four or five against and I'm already done
less something in favor Honestly the
things as they are So how eh in the end
Isabel Pantoja remains as the great
victim of everyone against her Poor thing
not that a little and like Isabel Pantoja
We will never know his version because he doesn't
We will know unless there is no
money to pay unless one day
Something to Suti whiter more we are not going to do it
We will never know his version unless
be that I don't know I don't know Carmina look that
You have her there on the screen. What a woman.
beautiful your version your version is that you
Marina's things are left, there is no more Yes it is
That's what it seems to me, man, let's go, I know
the ones that did Well there they were no Clear
which is very strong but I do see it
We are talking about a woman who has gone
to jail because he collaborated with the
Julin Muoz this little guy yes yes yes
no good and as for the kiosk there is a
million things is that in the end it is a
personify the matter of the
newsstand owner Of course, of course he did
That thing about Pakir Rin is clear, my son said.
He is the son of Pirin of Pakir. Sorry.
My son is the best son of Pakir And of course
that had all that And that can't be or
Sea has other children, has two more
children that that that the the the will of the
father was to be distributed to the
three children. Why the hell does he have one?
fourth everything and Kiko Rivera has told it
There you have the proof that it is
truth is, everything trusts you, it doesn't repeat itself either
not so much And look why we are standing
Note that
Fran also always says that this is already
He has told it again that according to him
Someone very close to Pir said, but
Of course we can't prove it either because
Unfortunately it is not there and apparently
I wanted to be conscious
yesterday always was had been
in love with Carmina Bueno too
precisely according to Roco Carrasco for
put He died or so according to Roco Carrasco
Roco Jurado also died in love with
Pedro Carrasco and then they saw each other
clear images the perception of the
children is also
very subjective no but we go and everything
the objects are what they seem real to me
It is so cruel that we no longer speak of a
economic value we are talking about a value
emotionally that happens to me and it doesn't have
to run let's go I get into cantora
Come on, no no no no I don't know if I lose
coverage no I don't put the video ok ok
Okay, it's not anything material, there isn't a
material value there was a moment that left
to fight because I asked him to because
had to be involved and had to be
sue my grandfather sir had to
sue my uncles and I said look it is
that it has all been nonsense
nonsense and there was a
moment it seems that my father only had
I am going to give you a son
Christ of the three falls that his
father has brought it is time for him
inherit this from your father because it will
give a lot of joy I know that up it goes
to be proud that you already have it
He's a man and he has to have it.
Of course they were not respected at all
the wishes of my father who left everything
crystalline were not respected at all
not at all It's that your father would have
divorced if he had still been alive
They tell me and say that it was on the way
So I was thinking that
had made the decision and was going to
to
I don't know how to divorce. I met a man.
that he wanted me H to marry me
to have children to be his wife who
Whoever wants to believe it, let him who believes it.
No, I don't believe it, it gives me
Exactly the same but
seeing the character, I wouldn't have
surprised that with time it was gone
I would have divorced the truth is I stayed
Widowed at 27, gentlemen, I lost my love
of my life that was the love of my life
I have been able to have many loves each
love is
different You think they would have been
divorced Marina
mm of course that is something that
Nobody can hear me well, yes
stop you are pending No to see me stay
I have one left, I have one left, eh, it's that
It is something so subjective if they had
divorced No but of course since it's going to
say buff What a look It's that it's that it's not
I can avoid it, eh, what Pantoja wanted
I don't know, but it's always like I do.
I became a widow I became a widow I became a widow
I was widowed, eh, [ __ ], and that's it
they shared a short time together
What will people who have been there say?
years, so I think that obviously the
pain eh You don't have to judge the pain of
Nobody but man eh load 40 50 years
With the widow of Spain I think not either
no, I don't know, we'll obviously go later.
rebuilt his life, he was 27 years old, all the
life ahead and well, eh, I don't know
wait a second eh this is mine to
see my
parais Cher matle is dorfer matl in
Dorfer, damn, thank goodness not.
I live there because it's really tough.
I would have lived there without knowing how to speak
with no one it would have been a big pain in the ass already
wait I know the train is salting
Sorry people, but we're here now.
my goodness, people are coming who don't
Listen to me, one thing is that I believe here
that to live you have to be worth it because it is
that one is very cold, there are no people
there is no human warmth there is no
There is no hug, there is no hug, there is no closeness, you
You understand me right Javi I do know that
You like contact a lot. Well, yes.
Son, we are going to see the hugs
generate oxytocin adrenaline are
necessary son if it were up to you I don't know
all day that you would be all day
fought with the world because there is no need
hug each other, love each other, love each other a little, yes, eh
There are people who are
There are very many people who give a lot of pig
Yeah
Let's see, but where are you? Tell me how.
it is called what it is called if where it is
See, tell me, Mat L. Dorfer. Let's see, tell me where.
you are in mat dorfer
Plus let's see dear languages dear No neither
idea the truth So now we have to
go down the people are silent is
very rare anything goes I put video V
leaving there no no you Come on yes no But
I can tell you many things for him
way you want to put video
eh we finished it we finished it Yeah go on
come on, but that was the love of my life
until I die Because that's why I don't
I have never remarried
person who does not respect the last wish
of supposedly someone who wants
supposedly it's that he doesn't love you or whatever
You don't think I loved your father, right?
s didn't love your father this is a lie
My opinion, eh, if someone gets offended,
I'm very sorry, do you think he respected the
memory of your father Not for anything public
and
notorious you want to define it
does not have our things that we
belongs to my father are Effects
Personal items that have no value
economical but has a personal value
incalculable and we are leaving we would love to
I don't know if we can continue dreaming anymore
with it but it is clear that we
I would love to have it someday, do you think?
that I will recover those belongings one day
your father would be a huge surprise
a huge surprise
and and it would be wonderful at least
give my children something from their grandfather but
I have no faith and no trust
at least
as long as certain people live
If those people die, God willing.
May they live a long time. Well, I don't think so anymore.
I know and those certain people are apart from
Isabel Pantoja others out there
around goes I am with him Until
he goes to the square when he leaves he prays and
I wait for them to call me for each bull
You usually go from the square when he fights.
no never and why
I don't feel a very strange thing
Inside me I am very afraid of my
mother How pretty How young Not very pretty And
Well, the other person could be a horror.
forgive Isabel panto no no no
What harm can I do to him when he had
10 years old or my brother who was if that
I can't do the damage that he did to us
Peron
and my position is very clear to me
J Javi that's not funny that
we agree because I know it is true that
As our friend Olga says, she has
sent the audio normally
meetings outline of contents of the
TV is not that they tell you, it is not that they tell you
They say stand here Stand you there Stand you
not there but it is true Hey then
that as I tell you, it is not funny at all
kind of Grace that everyone goes to the
There has to be a debate every day
people feel identified with some
with others and you play a little no no we are going to
always think the same because if not but
Yes, it is true that here mother
My boy, that is, it is because of hate and because
revenge but that's what he says
Really what a good location I have eh
I haven't even looked at the GPS or anything. I'm here for
Well, arriving at my house, I see you.
eh but really that's how how
you can say that you want and that you love and
who has been the love of your life if the
loves of your life of your of your
widower you are not able to give them the
place they deserve by giving them those
objects, that is, it is what it is and ads is what they are
things that your son will be left to see
with some things you with another and your others
children with another in each one with what
corresponds to what is new smell
our friend Olga How the hell or rather how
noses justify something like that If it is that
you have to be able to justify it because it is
which is really like out of resentment
rage for hate For I don't know it's like a
a person who is never happy
happy that he doesn't pretend he doesn't like it
the good of others, the sharing of one's self
I'm telling you the truth, eh? And as an artist he is
which is spectacular if it is one thing
It doesn't mean that I can't do it the other time.
understand Javi, I'm really telling you live
so but of course you tell me that in
There are always people on the set who are there to
one side and people who are on the other side not
yes it is like that yes although not eye eye eye although
Don't think like that, I've seen people.
Well, we already know that there is no more
that I have friends and acquaintances that I know
perfectly what they think of
certain topics and they know that
What they have to say and what they don't have to say
to be or not to be and I know it because we have
spoken out or so then there are people
that goes through that and there are people who don't
we pass, that is to say, each one is as he is now
There are people who take it as a
game because it really is a game and there is
People: Well, there are certain things.
Well, it's not that I don't know.
I can't speak, it's an example, okay?
I'm going to give an example, I can't say
eh celuco ampos I think it's wonderful
What Alejandra Rubio has done is that she is
Spectacular is that I don't feel it
I'm out of 200 and perfect, I'll really go to
other side, that is, there are no things that do not exist
people you know it seems silly But at
final no no no no I really tell you
I say no, you understand, right? Yes, but
that I do not understand is or is what
I want to know the people who have put
on behalf of
What have people said about her?
has put on the side of Isabel Pantoja that
What a scoundrel who is once again the only one
argument that there is that Shameless
that again to make profitable that no longer
has nothing to tell and tells again
the same thing that is true that counts through
the same as needing money as another
starved to death hanging and Pantoja who
How poor that everyone is the same
easy resource that is really like that but
That doesn't mean we're back to the same thing.
Javi talking about a topic
eh Let's see how I explain it to you okay
talk about a
a topic that everyone says one thing about
this case all or it seems that During a
month there are a series of testimonies that go
against that makes you that it is of
testimony or the fact that it is
How I explain it to you takes away its credibility.
the fact that they go 30 in or so is like
the fact that I put it as a
victim is that I don't know how to tell you is
like when you tell something here and
you can better make a mistake on the day in
the form really takes away from it
veracity to what you are telling or it is
as if they were holding on instead of holding on to each other
Fran's message
you are making it profitable again
divert divert the topic you know what you
I mean because they have no arguments
to justify something like that but let's see, I say
maybe there is some way to
justify and I don't see it and I
like heard opinion is precisely
because maybe someone takes it and says
man is that what you are not seeing is
that eh Isabel or Kiko but of course It's that
Here it is, look here what there is
Carmina saying it to the children saying it
and Kiko Rivera when he fights with the
mother telling that she is tor
clear rig There is no way this is not it
a disgusting thing that isab is doing
Pantoja one more clear Yes but of course but
yes of course but for the fanatic people the
people who admire her as an artist who
loves that venerates that which is that which is
inconceivable because they feel attacked
They themselves are how you are attacking
my
Idol Flip as traffic lights sound
Here to see if people listen to this, look
Well daughter, and here in Spain it is heard
like the whistle for the deaf
No, of course, but I don't know, no, no, but for the
deaf it's not that this isn't like weird
I don't know, no, it doesn't look like it's for that
It just looks like some kind of mechanism
that it is ringing is heard because it is
the street in
silence you who are here to know
no But why man yes yes yes apart
for the deaf it would not be It would be for the
blind I'm an idiot, man I am
silly It's not funny it's funny but
Listen to me, I'm never going to ask for a keep up.
I thought it would be open by now
what hunger is closed It is not closed
Man, it's 1 in the morning, it's H time.
from Open d tell him that we are making a promo tell him
Live Stream awaits
which I don't understand you Wait what is it that no
I understand it, I understand it, let's see
put it Ah
okay Nothing that is
closed damn what time is it Javi 1
time for kids but until then
that is not locked in the room
Don't worry, we're not leaving here, there's no one there.
2800 people waiting for you
you arrive
It's a lie no no no it's not true I'm not
the street I am on the street but it is that or
It may be on the street of my house but it is that
I'm very hungry, listen to me.
You already want to answer a bun, no?
What, let's see, bun
little bun that I but let's see It's about
Tania, do you want to answer us? Tania
Poor thing, you're screaming alone, huh? No.
Well, screaming alone doesn't turn me on
things but I prefer No, it's not that I don't
I don't want to live up to
nobody the truth But it's a little in
general, that is, it is a t from Tania but it is
a little bit in general Because they are
messing with you In case you love yourself
defend Javi It's not that I have a lot
hunger is what I have
not tomorrow, well, well, something, but it is
like open but I see barr I say that
It's hard for you to ask me what son, how long are you taking?
a minute you take a minute Nothing then
nothing, no, Javi, no, and neither are you.
you should do it
me but yes it also seems to me one of
the funniest characters I have
Let's see what he's gotten into here
with you because let's see, wait exactly
what he said is what you have
stayed okay Because the other day being
You here in the chat I put you
moderator and has started to put Good
She doesn't miss any of ours
A fan of the Channel goes live and says alarm
Alarm alarm
alarms pickle not this not the pepper
from Teresa the seo Oh, I can't
Ha, what some have been left with Ha And
put a screenshot of what I gave you
moderator and it's like why does he do it
grace, I mean I didn't understand much of it
number one that comment was a joke
that I put I put it as a joke in plan
I'm not going to justify myself by imitating, okay?
But that comment that I put was a
joking imitating the moderators to see if
I did it well in a joking way I am not
moderator of yours or moderator of anyone or
It seems like a super job to me.
respectable that makes people and does it
super good in this chat a second And
thanks Well or a collaboration and
Thanks to this, my friends' programs come out
all my friends are moderators
so Dallas is a moderator in the
salseria because it appears in the chat and
So then to all my friends I
I leave that in case at some point
Imagine something happens and you have to
remove someone or ban someone
Okay, can I talk? Yes, yes, son, what do I do?
You put this eh Let's see what I tell you it was
One thing that I think is great is the
key I made that day was in the chat
I was in a laughing mood we were in a mood
joke and eh I did that post I'm not going to
justify simply explain it I put
that comment as a joke to see if
I did well what it normally says
people can collaborate I don't know what
I don't know what Ja is in a laughing mood eh
that someone a second cl has not spoken to me
account of the comment Of course of course
someone who really is
moderator and spends her life on YouTube and
in that no no no I don't want or be it
I tell you the truth because I believe that
we are at very different levels, that is
That's why I'm not going to get off, I'm not going to
lower clo that tells you that tells you the
something that some have squared for
that is not left but that I am not going to do it
really insult because she also
times he has written to me on social networks and
such in private and such and I no no no
I'm not going to say what he wrote to me either.
nor anything I am not really that I am not
It's that I don't want, I don't want, I mean, no
I want to but well, if it makes you excited
I understand that I am the damage, a damage
collateral because it's with you no then
I don't take it badly that he continues putting it
that he wants and that he does very well
I tell you the truth, what do you want?
I don't really know what to say.
as for what you have left it is worth very much
well A kiss a kiss for her very
truly great for her and for all
for all of you who are surely here
on the channel a kiss Yes
but the hatred of criticizing you until I
I give you a key in the chat that is like
but if all my all the people more
or less that are trustworthy for me
when I see them in the chat, look now they know
I'm going to put Ana, Ana and her things
I'm seeing that here it doesn't have it
usually have on all my channels, that is to say
all the people who are trustworthy
del Canal have the key because I
be a symbol of closeness is a is a
Someone suddenly appears Imagine that
It's starting to spam in the chat.
by the ass Look, I find it very funny that no
in general eh I speak to you in general no to you
I speak on a personal level for what you have
stayed eh point number one eh people
I understand that people see one thing
and now people believe that one
only live off this because people
Since he doesn't see you elsewhere, he senses and
let me talk okay intuit that people
You should consider it a success to see yourself in one
national television in the most
since the most watched programs of
now they have a one or a nine of
audience no more or less Such you must give
for the fact that success is that being in
a supertel and if you don't believe it anymore
They call you, they assume it is
because they don't call you or maybe they don't know
They stop to suggest that maybe now
Same is not what you want in your life
that maybe you have other priorities
that maybe your moment is different than
maybe 1 situation or 1 but of course
People understand that when they talk about
empathy
eh I don't know what kind of empathy it is
refers many times when it does not have
no kind of e of You're welcome when it comes to
make any kind of comment or
then it makes me very funny to stop
What you have left is like I know that
It's not personal and they really do it
no no no no it doesn't affect me I mean
It doesn't affect me at all but what is it?
like the people who But for what you have
Let's see, you've been here for a year
low due to a personal situation
but leaving aside Yes but leaving aside
that or ...
be when he says he stops crazy we're going to
see you have been able to catch in a year and and
Suddenly, well, now you have to go.
reincorporating how to stop being crazy. Well
Now Marina will resume her career in
all the sites and as Marina has the
worth that it has just like
Evidently we have waited for her here with
open arms not wanting was
I wish I'd come back to SEO, let's go, eh? No
but that people don't understand me
I understand that people and I don't have to
give explanations of what I feel
how I feel about what I have about what I
I have in mind what I think about what
No, but it makes me laugh a lot.
People like what they see is this what
go or stick to it is that you get down into the mud
and you are with such And that Look how you have
left your career such and you think that with
that hurts you and I really say but
What do people gain from these comments?
trying to hurt someone who isn't
he's doing it to you or he's not doing it to you
saying nothing, it's like I don't
I am a settler who has a million
defects but of course I have some
days seeing things people taking advantage of
of things eh For i or for to do of
you something that you are not or to do I say but
These people are really lucky
importance to what is important, that's already it
I have learned and not me but to me it may be that
It wasn't to put you in a position of
move nor n because for me it is
jokes are killing time while
arrives and for me they are characters
funny that are Thank you because I
river like
when I have them like when Crdenas
I had the geeky ones
but they are also people and I sometimes
I wonder what will happen to these people
in some bad people a person a
person who starts to put a but on
that I give you a key in a chat like
Look, it's you who's the moderator. But you're so
sick with Javi Oliveira who does not moderate
the channel when your defended is in
You come directly to telesalseo because it is
with the channel you are with
obsessed and the one you like to see the most I
I see many things here that make me say, oh my God.
I mean, I really see it and sometimes I see it
some channels, that is, I see FJ, I see
Carmen and little else I mean and sometimes it
I put it on while I do things and such.
I say and I hear and I say mother of God or rather
If I spoke, but no, it is not worth it.
the pity but I say it is to get off or
be is like God God
Mine is worse than TV, it's like in the
TV but in the absolute mud, well that
the tel is clay or rather it is like There is some
There are some who need it Marina How
Go to that hotel, well, I'm here now.
I'm smoking at the door you're smoking
But when are you going to quit smoking when
They give me one and the question says Anica and
The question is, what is it for?
Tania, well, Tania has been left to bend over
the head to the olih Huerta For that there is
It's been cut off.
Marina is ha
cut Wait wait eh Until not
Let's see Marina calmly and not
Let's go by the way we're going to the
kids for a while
eh Now we go to the kids' room a
retete
Marini hello Oh okay you scared me
since no, no, no, no, no, I'm not going to tell you
show the hotel because let's see if
I'm going to talk and they're going to tell me things.
people who are sleeping you know or have
special illusion
Eh no no no I'm what you were like yes I was
It was because of you to make fun of what
nothing has arrived well, no, that is, we
We say goodbye here, that's what you love me for
Saying no, let's see, it's hard, you're going to go to hell.
Salseria I'm going there. Of course, but what?
There is today, eh? Well, look, you know what?
r has been in the last few hours
Jail is no lie, man with the
nonsense you say if I know who it is
Who is has been in jail in the
In the last few hours they arrested him, voice: Yes, yes.
has had to pay bail for
leave in the meantime eh For threats of
death and aggression, I understand that to a
uncle who I cheat out of money
money mess and has had to pay
that has already paid them
7500 of
bail to get out while she is
return I understand that if you win if you have
to pay compensation or whatever
I don't know how that works exactly but
man has already had to be fat to
eh So they can put that in him but for what
you see that always those who go barking
They are the ones who are always projecting
but currency but cryptocurrency mess and
No, no ...
people who say because there is a demand
that is also related to
a regret that the guy didn't pay him one
Jewel the guy Don't trust him with everything
who have come out to talk about Dallas Dallas
Dallas will be in jail soon
I don't know what and it turns out that he does
owes money to landlord that the landlord has
sued to evict him from the apartment
and he has and has done so much to me
funny because the guy is called serene
that he who has threatened and he who has
The attacked person is called a night watchman, but it's not a joke.
Hey, it's called serene and I wonder
where is serene Does anyone know anything about
calm Look over there Roma has given a
super chat do you think you think it's in a
phase simplifies everything if you have envied
from what I have what I do
works totally
totally I want to say one thing t
Do you think RAE is coming out of the dungeons?
go take refuge in the flooded singer
reviews you imagine what I'm going to see
today is when it went live and
Well, he came out saying but
Dallas I don't know what but Dallas I don't know
how much and stuff like that and then well, man
a pretty powerful move that I'm going to
see also is that it has come out
Duy duy do you know who is not the boyfriend of
Emilia who has cheated on him
Emilia, apparently I don't even know who she is.
Emilia Emilia the singer Emilia Mernes
The girl is the one who sings very good
he has cheated on that girl
let's go
I'm thinking that Fran Rivera thing is nothing.
That is, this is from Fran Rivera, it stays in
Nothing is clear, nothing remains, but oh well.
nothing, see you next Wednesday
There will be politicians who don't like it
Well, you never know what's going to happen.
We know now we no longer know with the surprise
that we are going to meet one day
next imagine from here to Wednesday
I hope it is better news than the
from last week of course
Let's hope there is better news
let's see how everything evolves but
Well, nothing. Now I'll see you around.
Salseria, let me see, leave me the key for
comment I'll put the key in the sauce shop if
I have it, I have it, I have it, I think
you will have it not to see but if it is that
true But notice the label that
you put on your underwear, gorgeous
Thank you so much, thank you to you all.
the chat a huge kiss to all those who
you have been here many times
Thanks a huge kiss and see you in the
sauce shop in just 5 minutes
time for the music to play
Bye handsome areis areis
[Music]
the bedroom She was struck down It
was
are
are are
[Music]
a yang bers What
aing
heartbeats that you W that you w
[Music]
on